The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point , or 0.11 percent , to 1,650 .
" It 's a huge black eye , " said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr . , whose family has controlled the paper since 1896 .
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a " building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat . "
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital , her personal physician said .
Darren Dopp , a Spitzer spokesman , declined to comment late Thursday .
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects .
In afternoon trading in Europe , France 's CAC-40 advanced and Britain 's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent , while Germany 's DAX index rose 0.6 percent .
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde 's sonic boom .
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak .
Page said it 's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty .
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle , from 1am to 1pm , orientated themselves towards the south-east .
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was " the one we were all pulling for .
A key question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote " Yes " or abstain .
Mel Gibson 's passion-stirring Biblical epic " The Passion of Christ " will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar .
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition , singing " If I Could . "
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $ 2 billion .
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $ 3 million of more than $ 5 million needed .
South Asia follows , with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female .
An hour later , an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City , killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect .
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province , most of them civilians .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions .
The Standard Edition is $ 15,000 per processor or $ 300 per named user .
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) were likely to be in the spotlight .
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year .
Taylor 's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos , a view shared by many in Liberia and , in private , even by mediators .
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December , the Center said .
Leon Williams ' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St. , in Tompkinsville .
It 's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate .
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach , but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages .
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra , the Organization said .
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region .
General Myers told reporters that " at first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken " .
Proving that the Millville son 's sacrifice would not go unsung , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days .
Tom Kasmer , a 14-year-old from Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during yesterday 's competition .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering .
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol .
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia , industry , government and the public .
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre .
Earlier this month , RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share .
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up .
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer , diabetes and AIDS .
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " according to extracts released yesterday .
In 2001 and 2002 , wire transfers from 4 of the company 's 40 accounts totaled more than $ 3.2 billion , prosecutors said .
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer .
Earlier , they had defied a police order and cried " Allahu Akbar " ( God is Greatest ) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom .
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday 's incident .
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect 's shareholders .
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved .
About 22 % of twentysomethings are obese , which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight .
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will get the valuable Thursday 9 : 30 p.m. time slot .
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $ 44.01 .
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River .
" I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use their computers , " said McKechnie .
" Fighting continued until midnight , " western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday .
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997 .
" Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " Gates writes , warming us up for the punchline .
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline , which transports crude from Colombia 's second-biggest oil field .
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates .
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as " a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned " .
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September , Strayhorn said .
Shares of Hartford rose $ 2.88 to $ 46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court .
" We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [ touch-screen ] machines for the 2004 presidential primary , " said Gilles W. Burger , State Board of Elections chairman .
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
Business Week 's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday .
Sovereign 's shares lost 74 cents , or 4.5 % , to $ 15.68 .
Aspen Technology 's shares dropped 74 cents , or 23 percent , to close at $ 2.48 on the Nasdaq .
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing .
In addition , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat .
And yes , Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story , titled " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative , but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children .
Scribner 's body was found floating in the city 's Portage Bay , where he lived with his wife in a houseboat .
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges drew the speech to an early close .
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. , with his hands still taped together but his feet free .
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $ 17.7 billion , Thomson First Call says .
Doctors say one or both boys may die , and that some brain damage is possible if they survive .
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale .
" I started crying and yelling at him , ' What do you mean , what are you saying , why did you lie to me ? ' "
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring down the NYSE 's 27-member board , changing its composition and making it more accountable .
Also missing is Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas , who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike .
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States .
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £ 4.1 billion merger .
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday .
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close .
GM , the world 's largest automaker , has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses .
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach , Va . , parking lot June 25 .
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car .
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89 .
Daniels said he doesn 't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser .
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size , limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate .
" Tony 's not feeling well , " Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said .
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy .
The company claims it 's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date .
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926 .
Officials at Brandeis said this was an " extremely heartrending " time for the campus .
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight .
As well as the dolphin scheme , the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
The value will total about $ 124 million , including convertible securities , according to Corel .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 .
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February .
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl , which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington .
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share .
" I know of no pressure , " said Mr. Feith , the under secretary of defense for policy .
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year .
Excluding one-time items , the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share .
" But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points , or 0.30 percent , to 995 .
Instead , tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster .
Earlier on Monday , Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was " a victim of fraudulent action " .
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002 .
" My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified , become uncensored , so the American people would know . "
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been .
Washington , however , said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place .
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation , the boys were separated Sunday at Children 's Medical Center of Dallas .
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed .
" She was crying and scared , ' said Isa Yasin , the owner of the store .
The euro soared to US $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back slightly to US $ 1.1895 as trading opened in Europe .
Abbas told the summit he would end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 .
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued .
" Frank Quattrone is innocent , " Keker said in a statement .
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons , an academy spokesman , said , " The academy is shocked and saddened .
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
Q : Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away ?
" I think it should have been released years ago , " said Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine .
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were " defined by dedication and courage . "
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $ 29.42 , before the earnings were announced .
But software license revenues , a measure financial analysts watch closely , decreased 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
Dotson , 21 , was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him .
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black 's identity .
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft 's board in rejecting Oracle 's offer .
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs .
" These are dark days for our industry , " Giovanni Bisignani , director general of the Geneva-based organization , said in a statement .
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal and Spain .
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session , and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat .
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy .
Also in Mosul , rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
The average American makes four trips a day , 45 percent for shopping or errands .
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father 's presidential library , where they would have stayed secret for a half-century .
In 1999 , the building 's owners , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 { inches .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google 's services .
In the weeks leading up to the execution , several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters .
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java , Visual C # and Visual Basic .NET .
Freeman 's civil hearing may be , on the surface , about a driver 's license .
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country 's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei 's death .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family .
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits , according to a document obtained by The Associated Press .
The 3 { hours of recordings include conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him .
Oracle shares fell 27 cents , or 2 percent , to $ 13.09 .
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
Another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker , the Sandra Tapias .
Singapore is already the United States ' 12th-largest trading partner , with two-way trade totaling more than $ 34 billion .
The dollar was last at $ 1.1149 to the euro , close to its strongest level since April 30 .
The market 's broader gauges also posted big gains , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father 's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship .
They passed through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia .
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $ 15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $ 22.5 billion in 2004 .
Morrill 's wife , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law during the service .
After 9 / 11 , Connolly said , agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi .
Calvin Hollins Jr . ' s attorney , Thomas Royce , has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2 .
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro 's launch in January 1999 .
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year , the state 's Department of Health reported .
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits .
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully .
In the year-ago quarter , the steelmaker recorded a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents per share , on sales of $ 1.14 billion .
PG & E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $ 15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday .
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , closing at 1,520.15 on Friday .
" This decision is clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement .
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack .
" It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation , " said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named .
No charges were announced , but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday .
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05 .
Paul Themba Nyathi , an MDC spokesman , said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters .
Kyi , a U.N. envoy says , as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed .
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept .
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent , the document says .
" It 's going to happen , " said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
Wal-Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
He was released on $ 3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas , where he had been filming a video .
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs .
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was " in the hands of the negotiators " .
As of Tuesday , almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine .
" Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " he said during a press briefing at the hospital .
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646 .
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan .
He told the jury Stubbs is a " cold , calculating killer . "
Likewise , the 30-year bond < US30YT = RR > slid 1-11 / 32 for a yield of 4.38 percent , up from 4.30 percent .
A seventh victim , a woman , died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron .
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight , Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity .
He will be paid $ 395,000 per year , up from Atkinson 's current salary of $ 361,400 .
On the cell 's surface , the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it .
In exchange , North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program .
" We condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which is headed by the United States , " Moqtada al-Sadr said .
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage .
His daughter , Nina Axelrod , told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep , apparently of heart failure .
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4 .
Further out the curve , the benchmark 10-year note US10YT = RR shed 25 / 32 in price , taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent .
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems , which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season .
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday ; the shares closed on Monday at $ 3.01 .
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $ 44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations .
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem , Wolfowitz said .
The driver , Eugene Rogers , helped to remove children from the bus , Wood said .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 9.69 points , or 0.98 percent , at 994.53 .
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection .
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday .
" Three Weeks in October " goes on sale Monday , nearly a year after the Washington , D.C.-area sniper shootings started .
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002 , the agency says .
Based on a separate survey of households , the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
The pound also made progress against the dollar , reached fresh three-year highs at $ 1.6789 .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability " is showing results . "
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden , according to the study .
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air .
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept . 29 .
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet 's decision on anti-retroviral treatment , some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan .
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month .
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise , deciding the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , wouldn 't comment Friday .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > eased 7.57 points , or 0.76 percent , at 990.94 .
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings , but few Balinese attended the trial .
On July 10 , a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad .
The euro < EUR = > was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $ 1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $ 1.18 .
Previously , it had reported a profit of $ 12 million , or 0 cents a share , for that period .
Earlier Thursday , PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the protests , which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them .
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment ( EAE ) with the new mainframe .
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster .
Since being drafted into service in 1971 , it has racked up a record 45 accidents , with 393 deaths .
Ryan Harvey , an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida , was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs .
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims .
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty .
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , as were schools , and much of the region 's transportation network was slowed .
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman 's risk of breast cancer , a British study of more than a million women has found .
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America , who announced their endorsement yesterday .
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list , which was to take effect Oct. 1 .
" And about eight to 10 seconds down , I hit .
But Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide , rather than consider the possibility of murder .
The WHO experts didn 't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas .
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries .
Their contract will expire at 12 : 01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12 : 01 a.m. Sunday , said Rian Wathen , organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points , or 2.2 percent , to 1,826.33 , after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday .
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area , Oklahoma Gas and Electric said .
Now , Blanca 's American husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk , faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government , which says he 's the leading suspect .
Barbini 's comments came Tuesday , the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology .
Yesterday , shares closed up 29 cents , or 0.54 percent , at $ 54.32 .
Prince is replacing Sanford " Sandy " Weill , who will remain Citigroup 's chairman .
The operating revenues were $ 1.45 billion , an increase over last year 's result of $ 1.38 billion .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 367.90 / 368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT , having marched up to $ 369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10 .
In Canada , the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so .
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida 's prison system .
" I do not wish to be present during this witness , " he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points , or 0.47 percent , to 9,543 , after scoring five consecutive up sessions .
The center 's president , Joseph Torsella , was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance .
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
" I don 't know if the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules , " Parrish said .
Ruffner , 45 , doesn 't yet have an attorney in the murder charge , authorities said .
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up .
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock .
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA 's counterpart in Canada .
The first trial of a suspect in last year 's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today , Sky News reported .
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040 .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > added 28 points , or 0.27 percent , at 10,557 , hitting its highest level in 21 months .
During the same quarter last year , EDS declared a profit of $ 354 million , or 72 cents per share .
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $ 27.45 from Thursday 's close of $ 28.91 .
" This is extraordinarily fast , " said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program , based in Socorro , New Mexico .
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia 's countryside despite the peace agreement .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message .
Who will succeed Mr. O 'Neill at Hyundai is not clear .
" We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home .
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
" These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate , " Bush said , adding that the United States will find the killers .
Under Kansas law , it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent .
Indonesia 's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM 's battle for independence , charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations .
Iraq 's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein 's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English / Turkish dictionary .
The bulk of the funds , some $ 65 billion , will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Under the U.S. Constitution , the other chamber of Congress , the House of Representatives , does not vote on foreign alliances .
Dolores Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs , Colo . , is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange .
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy , the report said .
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American , " Abraham said .
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups .
In the United States , 20.7 percent of all women smoke .
Analysts ' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.08 a share , excluding one-time items .
Lee Janzen , who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 and tied for sixth .
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November , when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
Boeing 's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines .
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence " feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points .
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
Founded in 1996 , the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks , lenders , and brokers .
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $ 4 and $ 11 a week from July 1 .
Shares of MONY were gaining $ 2.57 , or 9 % , to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet .
Gyorgy Heizler , head of the local disaster unit , said the coach was carrying 38 passengers .
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $ 19,710 this year , up 6 percent from 2002 .
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent , down from a revised 6.7 percent in August .
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her .
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps .
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed .
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday .
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8 .
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer .
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday : " The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa 'ida are insufficient . "
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder .
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003 .
The results were released at Tuesday 's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday 's New England Journal of Medicine .
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas .
United already has paid the city $ 34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets .
Shelley 's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him .
Bush wanted " to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing , " White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday .
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
" They were brutally beaten , and it 's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case . "
" The gloves are off , " said UNIFI official Rob O 'Neill .
Pratt & Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe , with final assembly in Germany .
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report .
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal .
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty .
" They 've been in the stores for over six weeks , " says Carney .
" Let 's show we won 't let them off , " said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe , Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come . "
American Masters : Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin ( Wed .
That package included increases to both the city 's sales and income taxes .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies , and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates .
But price declines have remained below 30 percent , year over year , for the last two quarters , said IDC analyst John McArthur .
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations .
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each , or $ 9.99 for an album .
" Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying very seriously , " he added .
Under Mexican law , bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping .
Gillette shares rose $ 1.45 , or 4.5 percent , to $ 33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading .
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $ 21.49 , up 78 cents , or 3.8 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark , the first time since December .
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention ( IBC ) in Amsterdam .
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue , allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others .
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks , homeland security officials announced Tuesday .
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) for these killings .
Two of the Britons , Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson , face the death penalty .
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service , which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls .
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt .
Jordan Green , the prelate 's private lawyer , said he had no comment .
Mr Hadley , who has a new partner and child , said : " I am absolutely delighted .
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres .
" We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place , " declared Rep. Major Owens ( D-Brooklyn ) .
The effort is the Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services .
However , commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points , or 0.24 percent , to 977 .
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states .
" This deal makes sense for both companies , " Halla said in a prepared statement .
Fifty-seven senators , including 24 Republicans , have signed the letter .
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April , according to Bloomberg data .
Five more human cases of West Nile virus , were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday .
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville .
Under NASD regulations , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel .
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals .
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people , including seven Americans .
Sirius carries National Public Radio , although it doesn 't include popular shows such as " All Things Considered " and " Morning Edition . "
" I ´ m very proud of the citizens of this state , " Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday ´ s referendum were counted .
Among three major candidates , Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters .
He will replace Ron Dittemore , who announced his resignation April 23 .
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction .
Maddox , 87 , cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery , Virginia Carnes said .
Graham , a presidential candidate , was criticized by several Republicans as ' ' politicizing ' ' the report .
In 2002 , Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor , accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue .
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers .
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes .
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $ 1.70 per share .
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration , hyperthermia and suffocation .
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried .
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members , Pentagon officials said .
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants , said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
The trial , featuring 125 witnesses , could continue until the start of 2004 .
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S. , Canada and South Korea .
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0 , NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , XP and 2000 , as well as Windows Server 2003 .
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes .
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 ; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban .
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years .
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points , or 0.39 percent , at 924 .
According to the 2000 Census , Long Beach 's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent .
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores .
Actor Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994 , extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season .
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT & T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc . SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern .
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20 , 1999 .
" We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States , " Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque .
Second comes HP ( 27 percent with $ 2.9 billion , up just 0.4 percent ) .
In a statement distributed Friday , 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote .
The state 's population was 6,080,485 in 2000 , according to the U.S. census .
July 18 : Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant .
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman , 51 , will be CEO of the combined company .
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them .
Instead , Weida decided that Meester 's case on charges of rape , sodomy , indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial .
That compares with a profit of $ 1 million , or breakeven , on $ 1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year .
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft , Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement .
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement : " We had a big contract negotiation .
With the power back on , state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread .
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3 % for the month , snapping a seven-month winning streak .
The report was found Oct. 23 , tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation .
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks .
The A920 comes with a printer , scanner , and copier for $ 89 .
On Saturday , the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member , welcomed his release .
Glover said the killer used a " peculiar slipknot " on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims .
She said Jane Doe 's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena .
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week , I 've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive , " he said .
In September , a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory .
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector , while a number above that indicates expansion .
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building .
Britz earned $ 3.77 million in salary , bonus and other compensation , and Kinney earned $ 3.76 million .
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area , fitting that description , Morris said .
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring , the family knew it was an uneven match , Meyers said .
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 , while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97 .
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them .
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards . "
Under the program , U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify , target and search high-risk cargo .
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years .
One , Capt. Doug McDonald , remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday .
On Wednesday , the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
During a period of nearly a decade , Telemarketing Associates raised more than $ 7 million .
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , were recovered from below Mt D 'Archiac late yesterday morning .
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3 .
The 2000 Democratic platform supported " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation . "
Its shares fell 71 cents , or 3.5 percent , in after-hours trading to $ 19.55 .
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday , but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient .
A former candidate for governor of New York , he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing , which was carried live on national cable networks .
AMD 's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $ 402 million .
Downstream at Mount Vernon , the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight , Burke said .
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations , U.S. officials said on Thursday .
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church 's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration , worshippers said .
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote , while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent .
So far , Georgia has been returned all but $ 70,000 of the money it wired .
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22 , a one day record , and 55 new cases on May 23 , making Taiwan 's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world .
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat .
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo .
On Monday , the Dow declined 5.25 , or 0.1 percent , at 8,983.80 , having shed 2.3 percent last week .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14 / 32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , a college town about 30 miles to the north .
When police removed the four from the home , they weighed 136 pounds combined .
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency , up 0.1 percent .
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres , with several weeks between each .
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers , including payment services .
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others .
In 2001 , President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors .
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests .
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail .
The department 's position threatens to alienate social conservatives , who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush .
South Africa has the world 's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS .
In that position , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , president and CEO of EMC .
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer , Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general .
" If that ain 't a Democrat , I must be at the wrong meeting , " he said .
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $ 425 million .
" It 's a major victory for Maine , and it 's a major victory for other states .
In addition to O 'Connor , Rehnquist 's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , and Stephen Breyer .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $ 1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates , York declared .
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006 .
" Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush . "
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath .
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve , returning to an empty house .
The Fed 's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
" I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower , " he said .
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was " evidence a body or bodies have been in this area " .
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell 's personal and financial affairs , Campbell has acknowledged .
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday , as did Mills .
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth .
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine .
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision , Libeskind said .
Revenue rose to $ 616.5 million from $ 610.6 million a year earlier .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index < .SPX > was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
Rep. Peter Deutsch , D-Fla . , criticized the FDA 's efforts in Florida .
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment .
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA , compared with 70 cases on June 6 .
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday , suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen .
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases " went from zero to 30 " in 1995 .
Marc Garber , Whitley 's attorney , had a different view .
BioReliance 's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $ 47.98 per share .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
SARS has killed 296 people on China 's mainland and infected more than 5,200 .
The redesigned Finder also features search , coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and UNIX file servers .
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts , Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls .
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001 , an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused .
The S & P / TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week , while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points .
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun 's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications .
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows .
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country .
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99 , or 0.2 percent , to 1,682.72 , following a two-day win of 55.93 .
Martin , 58 , will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras .
We don 't know if any will be SARS , " said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Sales for the quarter beat expectations , rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros .
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results .
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company , and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent .
Nonetheless , the open-source guru insisted , " This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals . "
" We haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , but this is an experiment worth introducing , " said David Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory .
" But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians , and that is not what we 're seeing . "
Ross Garber , Rowland 's lawyer , said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue .
At his request , he will be reassigned within the district .
Frank Quattrone , the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru , reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept . 11 , 2001 .
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television .
Two years later , the insurance coverage would begin .
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after giving up more than 1 percent earlier .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " Fraley said , adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology .
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94 , after advancing 111.04 Wednesday .
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18 , just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley makes a salary of $ 65,000 in his 30th year .
In Vienna , the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation , although no date had yet been set .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > was up 7.42 points , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 .
The epidemic began in November in the mainland 's Guangdong province , but the People 's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
Druce will face murder charges , Conte said .
That compared with $ 35.18 million , or 24 cents per share , in the year-ago period .
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform , said Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington .
Nick Markakis , a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia , went to the Orioles with the seventh pick .
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue . "
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC .
" Now , the other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , " Street said to crowd laughter .
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through .
There is , however , no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday .
In his new position , Dynes will earn $ 395,000 , a significant increase over Atkinson 's salary of $ 361,400 .
" We continue to work with the Saudis on this , but they did not , as of the time of this tragic event , provide the additional security we requested . "
The agency will " consider as timely any tax returns or payments due " Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22 .
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway .
Costa 's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero , whom he beat in last year 's final .
Doctors have speculated that the body 's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 8.27 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,633.53 .
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state 's congressional delegation .
No Americans were reported among the casualties , according to Capt. Michael Calvert , a spokesman for the regiment .
We think they have the right to choose .
" We have found the smoking gun , " investigating board member Scott Hubbard said .
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
But in the end , all the worm did was visit a pornography site , said Vincent Weafer , a security director with Symantec Security Response in California .
" This child was literally neglected to death , " Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said .
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser , citing competition from Apple Computer 's Safari browser .
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3 .
President Bush raised a record-breaking $ 49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months , with contributions from 262,000 Americans , the president 's campaign chairman said Tuesday .
Authorities in Ohio , Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies .
He said European governments " have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears .
One question was whether France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war , would vote " Yes " or abstain .
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress ' ' in the case .
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey .
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only " in limited circumstances . "
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs ' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement .
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $ 3,450 .
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest .
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth " .
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind .
For Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) , the house means stability and family .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR rose 22 / 32 for a yield of 4.31 percent , versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday 's close .
The Institute for Supply Management 's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April , reports said .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed , saying : " It looks very much like an isolated event . "
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days .
The priest , the Rev. John F. Johnston , 64 , of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights , was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon .
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch .
The settlement includes $ 4.1 million in attorneys ' fees and expenses .
Three no votes would kill it for now .
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries , including Canada , are held , many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network .
To reach John A. Dvorak , who covers Kansas , call ( 816 ) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak @ kctar.com .
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson 's family .
At first blush , then , the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place .
And now it 's anything he wants to say , " Alesha Badgley , Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director , said this week .
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion .
" I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story , " Fiorina said .
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River .
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager . "
By late afternoon , the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,331.77 , having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002 .
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further .
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call " disturbing " abuse of juveniles and " unconscionable " conditions at two state-run facilities .
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out .
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday 's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya .
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities .
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high , at $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995 .
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public .
If convicted , they face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts .
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk , where his plane had made a refuelling stop .
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM / UMTS R & D center in Munich , Germany , to increase profitability .
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year .
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America .
Evacuation went smoothly , although passengers weren 't told what was going on , Hunt said .
" The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn 's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation , " it said in a statement .
Between 1993 and 2002 , 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported .
Smith said simply " Oh , my God , " in the seconds afterward , according to Weinshall .
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years , up two years since 1990 .
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo .
" He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words , " daughter Linda Hope said .
For the full 12-month period , high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent .
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry .
" They were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous , " said the Oscar-winning film director .
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department 's actions are fully within the law .
A second victim , Michael Walker , 23 , was struck in the torso , the bullet perforating his lung .
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months , about half of those in the last three weeks .
In an interview , Healey , who is a criminologist , acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment .
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying .
Indeed , Mr. Weill , a self-described workaholic , said he planned to remain very involved in the company .
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire .
Five alternate jurors were also chosen , with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel .
Gregory Parseghian , a former investment banker , was appointed chief executive .
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , to Farida , a " highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman " .
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn 't the first one to buck the national group 's stance .
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right .
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
" It ' ' s absurd , " Funny Cide 's trainer Barclay Tagg said .
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days .
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share , according to Thomson First Call .
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
Last year , Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles .
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine .
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday .
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order .
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample .
The parents want her kept alive ; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
Earlier , he told France Inter-Radio , " I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic . "
Terri Schiavo , 39 , is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years .
The company will launch 800 hot spots , or " Wi-Fi Zones , " later this summer , and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year .
Prior to joining Kodak , Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp. , where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons .
Gold 's rise pulled other precious metals higher , shunting silver to $ 4.81 / 83 an ounce from $ 4.77 / 79 last quoted in New York .
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached .
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation .
Tisha Kresler , a spokeswoman for Global Crossing , declined to comment .
Shares of LendingTree soared $ 5.99 , or 40.1 percent , to $ 20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale 's dining halls to close .
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion , he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission .
In midafternoon trading , the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,790.47 .
In Kentucky , Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32 , or about 1.1 percent , to 9011.53 .
Enron 's 401 ( k ) plan covered about 20,000 workers , retirees and beneficiaries .
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure .
But she didn 't say whether she 'll certify the two-year $ 117.4 billion budget for 2004-05 .
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) vulnerability .
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol .
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women 's Amateur Public Links Championship .
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen , Memory Stick expansion slots .
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach , the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23 .
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church .
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades , they are now lucky to catch one , the study found .
The New York senator 's new book , " Living History , " appears a certain bestseller .
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $ 31.29 during midday trading Wednesday , down 72 cents or 2.25 percent .
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts .
As a result , Murphy sought to substitute Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , as the trustee .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per eight-week course of treatment , comparable to other injected cancer therapies , a spokeswoman said .
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales .
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski , from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania , with the fifth pick .
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $ 1.5875 GBP = .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points , or 0.44 percent , to 9,415.82 .
" Right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
" There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there 's not one person who 's responsible here , " Gehman said .
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
At 5 p.m. EDT , Grace 's center was near latitude 25.6 north , longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi .
On Saturday , a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski 's world record .
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped ; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points , or 1.10 percent , to 943 .
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon .
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup .
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was " very methodical . "
" This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage , " said Hubbard , a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board .
" We had nothing to do with @ Stake 's internal personnel decision , " Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said .
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition 's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the best-known ancient Egyptians .
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists , searching for evidence of past water .
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account .
" Canada is a small country , and it needs companies like this , deals like this . "
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center , police said .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR grew 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday .
IAC 's stock closed yesterday down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent , at $ 34.19 .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned " the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . "
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers .
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded .
Shares of USA Interactive rose $ 2.28 , or 7 percent , to $ 34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year .
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate .
The show 's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny .
I 've still got a fighting chance , though , " Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
" Jeremy 's a good guy , " Barber said , adding : " Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete .
The woman was hospitalized June 15 , Kansas health officials said .
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > tacked on 5.91 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,053.27 .
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial ( JP : 8306 : news , chart , profile ) declined 3,000 yen , or 0.65 percent , to 456,000 yen .
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects , the official said .
Her birthday , 21 April , was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball .
Sorkin , who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury , was to have been tried separately .
The man , who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m. , gave up to deputies about 6 : 30 p.m .
" Fewer than 10 " FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques , the Justice Department said .
Outside the court , Sriyanto , who faces up to 25 years ' jail , denied he had done anything wrong .
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university 's Web site , " Our fundamental values haven 't changed .
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons , bringing the giant planet 's total to 60 .
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $ 30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist , and in parts by O 'Connor and Scalia .
" What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution , " she said .
When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said Charles Weisselberg , a UC Berkeley law professor .
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport , sources said .
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70 , or 0.8 per cent , to 1700.34 .
Toll , Australia 's second-largest transport company , last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail .
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional .
MessageLabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning .
In the second quarter , Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE , down from 48 million BOE .
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit , Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters .
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate 's office , police said .
Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro , won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent .
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case .
Oracle shares were also higher , trading up 12 cents at $ 13.60 .
In the year-ago period , Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit .
With all precincts reporting , Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote .
Through Thursday , Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered .
In Hong Kong , 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms .
On the upside , Coca-Cola Co . ( nyse : KO - news - people ) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday , helped by European demand .
Yucaipa owned Dominick 's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $ 2.5 billion .
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1 % , the highest level since July 1994 .
As part of his deal , Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation .
Graves reported from Albuquerque , Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo .
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $ 5,247 annually , including miscellaneous , campus-based fees .
A man with a hard hat is dancing .
A plane is taking off .
A young child is riding a horse .
A man is feeding a mouse to a snake .
A man is playing a large flute .
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza .
Three men are playing chess .
A woman is playing the guitar .
A woman is playing the flute .
A man is playing the cello .
A woman is cutting an onion .
Some men are fighting .
A man is smoking .
The man is playing the piano .
A man is playing on a guitar and singing .
A man is erasing a chalk board .
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling .
The man hit the other man with a stick .
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo .
A man is playing a flute .
A person is folding a piece of paper .
A man is running on the road .
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back .
A woman is carrying a boy .
A girl is styling her hair .
The polar bear is sliding on the snow .
A woman is writing .
Three men are playing guitars .
A cat is rubbing against baby 's face .
The man is riding a horse .
A man pours oil into a pot .
A man is playing a guitar .
A panda is sliding down a slide .
A group of men play soccer on the beach .
A woman is eating something .
A woman peels a potato .
A woman peels a potato .
People are playing cricket .
The boy fell off his bike .
A man is playing a guitar .
The woman is playing the flute .
The cougar is chasing the bear .
A rabbit is running from an eagle .
The man cut down a tree with an axe .
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop .
One woman is measuring another woman 's ankle .
A girl is flying a kite .
A man is riding a mechanical bull .
The man is playing the guitar .
The man is playing the guitar .
A woman is dancing and singing with other women .
A man is finding something .
A man is slicing a bun .
A man is pouring oil into a pan .
A lion is playing with people .
A dog rides a skateboard .
Someone is carving a statue .
A woman is slicing an onion .
A woman peels shrimp .
A woman is frying fish .
The girl sang into a microphone .
A woman is playing an electric guitar .
A baby tiger is playing with a ball .
A man is cutting up a cucumber .
A person is slicing a tomato .
A person cuts an onion .
A man is playing a harp .
A man is climbing a rope .
A man is playing the piano .
A woman is playing the flute .
A man is cutting up a potato .
A kid is playing guitar .
A boy is playing guitar .
A man is playing guitar .
A woman is cutting onions .
A little boy is playing a keyboard .
A man is riding an electric bicycle .
A man is playing a guitar .
A dog licks a baby .
Kittens are eating food .
A woman is slicing an onion .
A man is playing the guitar .
A man is playing the drums .
A woman is slicing a pepper .
A man is playing the drums .
A woman rides a horse .
A man is eating a banana by a tree .
A cat is playing a key board .
A man is speaking .
A man chops down a tree with an axe .
A kid plays with a toy phone .
A woman is cooking eggs .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is riding a motorcycle .
A man is riding a motorcycle .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
An animal is chewing on something .
A squirrel is spinning around in circles .
A man is cutting an onion .
A man and a woman are kissing .
A man is getting into a car .
A man is cycling .
A man is dancing .
A man is playing the guitar and singing .
A person is cutting mushrooms .
A man is slicing open a fish .
A tiger cub is making a sound .
A person is slicing onions .
A man is playing the piano .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A pankda is eating bamboo .
A person is peeling an onion .
A monkey pushes another monkey .
A squirrel runs around in circles .
A man is tying his shoe .
A boy is singing and playing the piano .
A dog is eating water melon .
A woman is chopping broccoli .
A man is peeling a potato .
A woman is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a flute .
A woman is slicing tomato .
A man is slicing a tomato .
A man swims underwater .
A man and woman are talking .
A man is playing a guitar .
A baby panda goes down a slide .
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball .
The men are playing cricket .
A man rides off on a motorcycle .
A man is playing a guitar .
The man talked on the telephone .
A man is singing and playing a guitar .
A man is fishing .
A man is levitating .
A man attacks a woman .
Two boys are driving .
A man is driving a car .
A man is playing soccer .
A man is riding on a horse .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A man is slicing potatoes .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A man is playing a guitar .
A woman is cutting tofu .
A girl is riding a horse .
A woman is slicing a leek .
The man cut a paper plate .
The woman is styling her hair .
The man is playing the guitar .
A man is playing the piano .
A man is lifting weights in a garage .
A woman is slicing up some meat .
A man is playing on his keyboard .
Two zebras play in an open field .
The lady chopped up the green onions .
Someone is sitring noodles in water .
An animal is biting a persons finger .
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling .
A man is playing a piano .
A man is cutting a potato .
A woman is playing flute .
A boy is checking a calender .
A woman is cutting an onion .
A man is playing guitar .
A woman is using a sewing machine .
A woman is flipping pancakes .
A man is slicing an onion .
A man is dancing .
A man is riding a motorcycle .
A man is running on the road .
A woman is reading .
A woman is slicing garlics .
A man is riding on a horse .
A man is riding a bike .
A man is crying .
A woman is dancing .
A man is playing a piano .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is speaking .
A man is spinning .
A little boy is singing and playing a guitar .
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb .
The people got off the train .
The lady cracked an egg into a bowl .
A dog is jumping on a trampoline .
A boy is playing an instrument .
A band is performing on a stage .
A woman plays the guitar .
A woman is picking a can .
A man is climbing a rope .
A man is lifting a car .
Elephants are walking down a trail .
A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep .
The shirtless man sat in a chair .
A turtle is swimming in water .
Two women are wrestling .
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball .
A kangroo is eating something .
A cat is playing a piano .
The man cut some carpet with a knife .
A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road .
someone is slicing a vegetable .
A woman is dancing .
A man is playing a guitar .
A dog licks up a baby 's drool .
A man is rowing a boat .
A young woman is putting stickers all over her face .
A man cuts up potatos .
A man sitting on the floor plays a guitar .
A woman is chopping up garlic .
A puppy plays with a plastic container .
An animal run in circles .
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge .
A man is playing the guitar .
A man plays the flute .
A man plays the violin .
A man plays the piano .
A man is eating food .
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl .
A man is playing a basketball .
A man is cutting a fish .
Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car .
A toddler walks down a hallway .
A man pours oil on some tomatos .
A man is slicing something .
A plane is landing .
A woman is wrapping tofu .
A man is paddling a canoe .
A man and woman are walking together through the woods .
A cat is eating some corn .
The woman picked up the kangaroo .
Fish are swimming .
Two women mix something in a food processor .
A panda is climbing .
A person is surfing a large wave .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a flute in a band .
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread .
A person is boiling noodles .
A man is eating a food .
A group of people dance on a hill .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is dancing outside .
A woman is feeding a man .
A man is putting a pan into an oven .
A man is kicking pots of water .
A woman is sitting at a desk .
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher .
A man is cutting a pipe with scissors .
A woman is playing a flute on stage .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
Two baby pandas are playing .
Kids are dancing on stage .
A baby is laughing .
A man is playing a guitar .
A woman is taking a bath .
A man is folding paper .
Three women are dancing .
A man plays a guitar .
The cats are playing with each other .
A person is writing .
A woman is slicing a meat .
A woman is taking a picture .
A man mixes vegetables in a pot .
A man is running .
The woman is rolling dough .
A woman is adding spices on a meat .
A woman is adding oil on fishes .
A young boy is holding a guitar .
A cheetah is running .
The man is eating pizza .
An orangutan is riding a bus .
A man and a woman talk in a diner .
A woman is talking on a cell phone .
A man is playing a guitar .
A girl is singing and playing a guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
The man is riding a horse .
A man is playing a guitar .
A girl is communicating with sign language .
A woman is doing weight exercises .
A man is getting inside a car .
A big green ball knocks a potato over .
A man is drilling a hole in a board .
A cat is playing keyboards .
Two dogs swim in a pool .
A man is fitting silencer on a pistol .
The man used a chopper to chop the onion .
A woman slices tofu .
A herd of deer are crossing the street .
The person is riding the horse .
Someone is feeding a animal .
Someone is slicing tortila 's .
Someone is mixing ingrediants .
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse .
A woman holds a kangaroo .
A man is playing with frogs
Two men are talking .
Two little girls are talking on the phone .
A man is cutting apple by his hand .
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread .
A man is running across a high wire .
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle .
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
A man is mowing a lawn .
A man is opening a door .
A man is opening a door .
A man is slicing a tomato .
A man is slicing a potato into pieces .
The woman is cutting cooked octopus .
A man is cutting paper with a sword .
A man is punching through boards .
A woman puts flour on a piece of meat .
A man is dancing .
Someone is playing a piano .
Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio .
A boy is playing a key-board .
A person plays a keyboard .
A boy studies a calendar .
A man is shooting a gun .
Someone is slicing an onion .
A man is talking on a phone .
A man is swimming .
The ballerina is dancing .
A man is playing the guitar .
A woman is slicing a pumpkin .
A woman is dancing .
A woman is dancing .
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
A car is moving through a road .
A woman is slicing some tomatoes .
Someone is greasing a pan .
A man is playing guitar .
A woman is drinking vodka .
A woman is water skiing .
A man is playing an electronic keyboard .
A woman is cutting meat into pieces .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is rinsing a steak .
A man is playing the piano .
A man is selling items .
A man is jumping into water .
A woman is picking a can .
A man is jumping a wall .
Runners race around a track .
A man is kicking a soccer ball .
A woman is frying something .
A cat is licking a sucker .
A woman is dancing by a fire .
A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan .
A man is playing a guitar .
The man is slicing a fish open .
A woman is cutting an onion .
Butter is melting in a pan .
Some men are sawing .
Three boys are dancing .
A woman is playing a game with a man .
The man is driving a white car .
A young man is playing the piano .
A car is driven down the road .
A woman is mixing ingrediants .
A man drove his car .
A car backs out of a space .
Someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife .
A man puts some cheese on a pizza .
The boy is playing the piano .
The man is kissing and hugging the woman .
The man played his guitar .
A slow lori walks around .
A man is riding a horse .
A man is walking on a rope .
A little boy is vacuuming the floor .
A girl is playing a flute .
People step off a train .
A woman is sewing on a machine .
A dog is looking into swimming pool .
A man is buttering a piece of bread .
A woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil .
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces .
A train is moving .
Three teenage girls danced in the room .
A lion is walking .
A man shooting a car .
A man is making a bed .
A black horse is running around .
Someone is slicing an onion .
A woman is deveining shrimp .
A man is riding a horse .
A man plays a keyboard .
A man walks down a path .
A man is slicing a potato .
A dog is barking at a ball .
A woman is playing in the ocean .
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole .
A man is walking along a path through wilderness .
An elderly man is speaking at a podium .
A person is playing an electronic keyboard .
A man riding a horse in slow motion .
A person is cutting some burrata cheese .
The man is shooting an automatic rifle .
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit .
A plane rides on a road .
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife .
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board .
A man is riding a skateboard .
A woman is taking a shower .
A man is dancing .
A man is holding a leaf .
A woman is peeling shrimp .
A man is rowing a boat .
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling .
A woman is riding a horse on a beach .
A man holds a small animal in one hand .
A person is folding a square paper piece .
A person is frying meat in a pan .
A man shoots a man .
A man plays the guitar .
A man is sitting and smoking .
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman .
The woman is peeling shrimp .
A guy is playing hackysack
A man is playing a guitar .
One man is breaking cement on another man 's chest .
Two zebras are playing .
A woman is slicing butter .
Some men are playing guitars .
The elephants sprayed water on themselves .
A man is talking with other women on the beach .
A dog sat at the counter of a store .
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill .
The woman is dicing onions .
A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside .
A skunk is looking here and there .
A woman is slicing some vegetables .
A badger is burrowing a hole .
A woman is water skiing on a lake .
A girl is playing a violin .
A helicopter is landing on a helipad .
A woman is cutting up a chicken .
A woman is cutting a cucumber .
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd .
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor .
A chef is preparing some food .
A woman splits garlic cloves .
A dog is looking into swimming pool .
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass .
A man is drawing a picture .
The man talked to a girl over the internet camera .
A man is playing the guitar and singing .
A turtle walks over the ground .
The lady cracked an egg for the mixer .
A woman is picking tomatoes .
A man is looking at a computer monitor .
The boy is riding a tricycle .
Two men compete in a tire rolling race .
A woman opens a window .
A person is cutting a meat .
A man is playing a violin .
Five kittens are eating out of five dishes .
People are dancing outside .
A woman is slicing some tuna .
The man is using a camera to hammer a nail .
The baby crawled through the doorway .
A man is playing keyboard .
A man playing the guitar .
A man is smelling two pizzas .
A woman is filing her nails .
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog .
A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor .
A man is playing a flute .
A woman is frying something in the pan .
A boy is crawling into a dog house .
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water .
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan .
A baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother .
A woman is chopping an onion .
The woman picked up the kangaroo .
A dog biting on a can .
A woman is deboning a fish .
A man is mowing grass .
A cat is watching a TV .
The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse .
People flip into a swimming pool .
A woman is swimming underwater .
The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle .
A woman swims underwater .
A man is playing a guitar .
A machine is sharpening a pencil .
An airplane is flying in the air .
A bear is running from two dogs .
A woman is resting in a floating raft .
A man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter .
A man is dieing in an operating room .
A man is holding a leaf .
A person is riding a horse .
A woman is slicing octopus .
A man is breaking water jugs .
A man is playing a guitar .
A girl is eating a cupcake .
The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball .
A person is chopping coriander leaves .
People ride and paddle a raft .
A man is pressing microwave buttons .
A girl is riding a horse .
The lady cut up a potatoe .
A monkey is playing drums .
The missile exploded .
A dog is playing in the snow .
A woman is dancing with other women .
A boy is pushing a van .
Batman and Robin fly a helicopter over water .
A boy is making some dance steps .
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it .
A man is assembling speaker parts .
A woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking .
The dog walked along the edge of the pool .
Butter is being put into a bowl .
A man is opening a box and taking out paper .
Raccoons are eating .
Someone fell off a horse .
A woman is cutting some herbs .
A woman peels an apple .
A man is taking some math classes .
Animals are playing in water .
A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles .
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand .
The person lit the cameras on fire .
The man is slicing the tape from the box .
The lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water .
A woman is dancing .
A man is fishing in the river .
A man is riding a bike .
A man is doing push-ups .
A man is playing guitar .
A woman is riding on a horse .
The boy is playing the piano .
A person is drawing on a large touchscreen .
The cook is kneading the flour .
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar .
A woman is powdering her face .
The men played follow the leader on the grass .
A woman is cracking eggs .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A woman is firing a rifle .
A woman peels garlic with her hands .
The polar bears fought over the kill .
A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter .
A woman is putting her baby in a waste bin .
A woman puts a garland over a man 's shoulders .
An old woman is shaking hand with a man .
A man is doing trick with play cards .
The woman is waterskiing .
Trees are bending in storm .
The cat is licking a bottle .
A man and woman is riding in a car .
A man is moving a tree limb .
A cat is pouncing on a trampoline .
A man plays a piano .
A person pours oil on a skillet .
A person is slicing an onion .
The animal is eating .
A man and woman are eating at a table .
The woman is walking her dog .
A woman is riding on a horse .
A man is screwing wood to a wall .
A girl is playing a flute .
A group of people sing .
The cat is drinking milk .
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler .
A small baby is playing a guitar .
A girl is making eyelid .
A woman is chopping onion .
Two men are fighting .
A man and a woman walk through the woods .
A child is playing a computer game .
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd .
Men are jumping into water from a bridge .
The military officer barked at the recruits .
The man is putting chicken into the container .
A man is tying on a stenographers machine .
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water .
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book .
Two puppies are playing with each other .
A man is running on a field .
A man is hugging someone .
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot .
A man is seasoning some carrots .
A couple are walking .
Two men pushed carts through the woods .
A person is playing a guitar .
A person is adding food in a pan .
A group of penguins is walking .
A man is playing a guitar .
A dog is jumping on a trampoline .
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink .
A man is playing a football .
A man is walking with a horse .
Paper is being cut with scissors .
The lady peeled the potatoe .
A person peels shrimp .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man making a bed in a hotel .
A woman is slicing some tofu .
A woman is peeling some fish .
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg .
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl .
People are playing baseball .
A person is boiling soup .
A man is jumping rope outside .
A person is slicing some onions .
A woman holds a kangaroo .
Someone typed on a keyboard .
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal .
A woman is cooking something .
A woman is swimming in the beach .
A man is carrying another man .
The woman is putting paste into a dish .
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt .
Three young men run , jump , and kick off of a Coke machine .
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .
A man is playing the guitar .
Someone is boiling okra in a pot .
A person is peeling a potato .
A cat is jumping into a box .
A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner .
The woman is seasoning the oil .
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch .
A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard .
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup .
An explosion is booming in the desert .
A woman slices a lemon .
An overweight man is skipping rope .
A cat is walking around a house .
The lady cracked two raw eggs .
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife .
Plastic toys are floating in water .
A woman is dancing .
The turtle followed the fish .
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow .
A man is tying his shoe .
A ballet dancer is performing on stage .
A woman is slicing meat with a knife .
A dog is running on the ground .
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it .
A monkey is playing drums .
A man is petting a tied up dog .
A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them .
A woman is mincing some garlic .
A man shoots a basket .
The elephants are bathing .
Two teams are playing soccer .
A rat like creature is smelling around .
A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground .
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other .
An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces .
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle .
The man cut up an onion .
A couple are running towards the ocean .
A group of people are dancing .
A man is playing guitar .
A woman mixes up vegetables .
A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it .
A woman is chopping a hard egg .
Two robots share a kiss .
A cat is trying to touch a dog .
A woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid .
The rhino grazed on the grass .
The man drove his little red car around the traffic .
A man is cutting bread .
A woman and man are riding in a car .
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl .
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head .
A cat is playing in a box .
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices .
The couple danced in the church .
The panda bear lay on the logs .
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth .
A person checks some rice pudding .
A girl is dancing in a cage .
Five men jump into a swimming pool .
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl .
The man is playing the drums .
A cat is on a robot .
A man is slicing a pepper .
A woman is speaking in sign language .
A boy is crawling into a dog house .
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill .
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water .
A small monkey walks through water .
A man is riding a bike .
A young man is singing and playing the piano .
A boy takes off his sunglasses .
A girl is playing a piano .
The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl .
A cheetah is running behind its prey .
The lady sliced a tomatoe .
Someone is holding a hedgehog .
A woman peels a potato .
A cat is playing on the floor .
A boy is playing violin on stage .
A cow is eating grass .
A cat is drinking some water .
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork .
The man sat in his chair and stared .
A woman is dicing a potato .
The man stirred the sauce for the chicken .
A baby is crawling happily .
A person is frying a meat in the pan .
A man is looking out of a window .
A man seated is playing the guitar .
A dog is barking at a toy .
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife .
A man jumping rope
A woman is peeling an orange .
A rider is running and jumping her horse .
A boy is playing a key-board .
A man is cycling .
Two men are fighting .
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums .
Someone is beating an egg .
A person is petting a monkey .
A man is cutting a potato .
A woman is slicing ginger .
Two cartoon rabbits are kissing .
The hedgehog chewed on the towel .
A man is buttering a piece of bread .
A man is dragging a dead deer .
A cat is licking himself .
A woman cuts up some vegetables .
A man is preparing a snake for cooking .
A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll .
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor .
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car .
The lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp .
A man is smoking .
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string .
A woman is adding sauce to some food .
Meat is being put into a skillet .
A baby elephant is eating a small tree .
A man plays an acoustic guitar .
Three children are eating their food .
A submarine is going through water .
A man is running on a street .
A person is slicing an onion .
A badger is digging in the dirt .
A woman is slicing big pepper .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
There must be a balance as a whole .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Tunisia
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Thank you , Commissioner .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Tunisia
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Tunisia
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Tunisia
There must be a balance as a whole .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Tunisia
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Thank you , Commissioner .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Tunisia
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Tunisia
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Thank you , Commissioner .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Thank you , Commissioner .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Tunisia
Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Tunisia
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Tunisia
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
There must be a balance as a whole .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Tunisia
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
There must be a balance as a whole .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
There must be a balance as a whole .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Tunisia
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Tunisia
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Tunisia
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Tunisia
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries .
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully .
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
There must be a balance as a whole .
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Van Orden Report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment .
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly .
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred .
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m .
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 .
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax .
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe .
render one language in another language
nations unified by shared interests , history or institutions
convert into absorbable substances , ( as if ) with heat or chemical process
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill , study , or work
elevated wooden porch of a house
either half of an archery bow
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
restrict or confine
orient , be positioned
Bring back to life , return from the dead
anything illusory , not concrete or real
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
the processing or operation of something
line , cover
determine a standard ; estimate a capacity or measurement
an interpretation , an account or reading of an event or situation
festive social event , celebration
Make fine adjustments to for optimal operation ; adjust to a certain scale .
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
employ or become employed in a position
group of people defined by a specific profession
storage cabinet furniture
Signal ( approval or interest ) by winking ; briefly shut one eye .
capital stock in a corporation
prove or corroborate
( the content of ) a communication .
a partial denture
move to a lower position , terminate something
flow , as of liquids
seal , insulate or protect
scar physically ; create a mark on someone or something
Surround completely ; close in , as if with a covering or border .
the act or event of ending a process , state , situation
the price of a good or service
depict or portray in art , words , or model
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
Annoy , harass , or mock , perhaps playfully .
( Cause to ) smell bad .
social ranking or position
ponder , consider , observe carefully
persuade or achieve acceptance
physical matter left behind after a removal process
any tall , vertical shape
physically inflate
heavy radioactive metallic element , atomic number 92
Complain about something or say mean things to someone .
care about , be bothered by , be concerned by
the tallied points of a game , at a given time
edit so as to block the truth ; prevent distribution
a casual , brief meeting with someone
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
an agent 's act of terminating an activity or event
notable or famous persons ( real or fictional )
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
find , determine the place of
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
be equivalent , have the same effect as something
( cause to ) survive
the money
a sudden emotional vocalization
go back , restore , revive
settlement of people distant from their homeland
( The discovery or exhibition of ) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something .
enter a realm , become involved with
a project or undertaking
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
a concern or affair
have a strong sexual attraction to
a surrogate expression , utterance for a taboo word
facility for secure storage of things , often money
emit or cause to emit noise
make physical contact with , possibly with the effect of physically manipulating .
find out or be informed of a new information , understand or realize
head of a country
Touch with the lips .
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
a change which is a decrease
an evaluation , an estimation of worth , a grade
having responsibility for managing or supervising
fail or suffer failure
an abundance of something
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation .
An instance of visual perception .
fluctuate , move back and forth
the alleviation of distress
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community .
a social gesture of deferential greeting
move to a new location , state , or situation
Change one for another
a full stop , as a punctuation mark
something that is craved
to grow rapidly
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice , as either an animal or human might .
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
a discipline , a branch of knowledge
a person who is aggressively pursued , chased
personnel casualty
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
a relative loss in price , value
a measurable or quantitative decrease
Change the key , pitch , tone , or volume of , likely for aesthetic reasons .
a written message of nonacceptance
( cause to ) stop speaking or bring about silence
injure , scratch the surface
A plant structure near the top of the plant .
a written list of particular things being offered
a notational mark used in writing , diacritic
the state of believing in , or having confidence in , something or someone
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
increase in amount , extent , or intensity
clean , wash thoroughly
compress out of shape or into small pieces
point or direct object , weapon , or blow at something or someone
employ or utilize , put into service
Spin , wind , braid , or twist together , perhaps as when performing lacework .
a decorative container , often for holding flowers
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally
an open motorboat used for transport
a process of development , increase or advancement
Make sure of .
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
learn , assimilate a body of knowledge
support ; hold up ; nurture or provide for
keep away , prevent from happening , or not do something
Something that provides advice .
The act of copying the actions of someone else .
a physical entity
lessen in force , impact , or effect
a judgement or opinion about something
flog or whip
act , form , or progress according to a plan or ideal
Germinate , as in a plant .
social sphere , scope of activity or interest
a static vertical layout , e.g. text or numbers
recognize , be familar or well-versed with
a portrayal of someone or something , through words or behavior
a device to control the rate of some activity , e.g. , chemical or mechanical
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole .
human legs , informal usage
goal or objective
protect from heat , cold , or other detrimental conditions
an allotment or percentage of something
something that attains victory
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
meshed frame over windows and doors
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something .
the rescue or release of someone , something
observe , perceive
limit , keep under control , deter , forbid
stick out , jut out , protrude
to act as the host of
put an end to , make invalid a process that 's already begun
enjoy , be fond of or approve
per centum
an approximate attribute or quality of something
The act of having and controlling property .
a physical protuberance , large or small
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
a portion or percentage of a whole
lightest most abundant element , atomic number 1
a unit cost of something
move back and forth
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
face an event and survive ; endure
( medicine ) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease .
a statement , an idea expressed in language
perform a duty
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
become master of , overcome , dominate
area of damaged , cut tissue on a living body
revolve
twice the quantity or amount of something
Give an incentive for action , provoke or stir up , urge on , or cause to act .
Funeral direction
to ignite or catch on fire
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
Medicines
a method for solving a problem
reach an objective , attain a benchmark or goal
take something or someone away from somewhere
a stiffener in a garment
a constructed underground passageway
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience
move or change one 's own position or quality
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
guide , draw through
rescue , redeem , deliver from harm or danger
beat ( as if ) with a whip or rod
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
create an edge or border
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
capture , ensnare , discover in the act
initiation , founding , introduction of something
a creased or bent form
train , tutor or polish social behavior , taste , judgement
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
emphasize ; draw attention to ; underline
possibility for the future
require or need something that is missing
an indication or manifestation of something , often physical
a sudden , brief burst of light
come or bring back to life , health , existence or use
A mental state of sadness .
position or location change
( cause to ) move through a space , circuit or system , usu. returning to the starting point
bring in to consonance
submit , send to
state of being unified
( Cause to ) become different or aquire a different character , possibly during development .
an objective or goal
seize and take captive ; take or gain possession of something
give , dedicate , pledge
decide a specific time for an event
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
give something for a cause
furnish with a guideline
a social entreaty , as courtship or pleading
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
reply verbally or in written form to a question , comment , letter , or speech
a slight cut in a physical surface
cause something to be the case
a state of confinement in a small space
state or explain the meaning
cause animals to move
be against , resist
a quantity of money added to a bank account
cause to come into existence ; create
Performance , routine
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
a computer server
forbid , prohibit
computer text files
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
a state of pretending to be someone , something else
Become widespread as an idea or feeling .
connect with ; reach a target or goal
income collected as tax by a government
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
end
a region allocated to hold something
acknowledge a contribution or cause
arrangement
system of arrangement
close within bounds ; deprive of freedom
to collect , acquire or gather
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
a pair of mated people , e.g. , married
rot ; become unfit for consumption
lock with one another
take vows , join or allow to join a religious order
activity of selling
give out , allow to have
secondary public school , grades 9-12
Benjamin Rush , physician and American Revolutionary leader .
luggage compartment of a car
have a monopoly of ; control fully
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
cause to be interested
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact .
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates .
( An occurance of ) the preservation or management of natural resources .
remove the pod , husk or shell
abstain from eating or from certain foods
feel hot or painful , as if burning
( cause to ) return after being refused
a loss of function
administrator , one who controls resources
a stovetop , cooking appliance
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
turn on an axis ; spin
marriage offer
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing submission or fear .
the public submission of a legal record
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower .
have faith in , bet on
burst into flames ( telic )
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember .
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
an onerous worry or concern
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
a sharp side of an object
the forceful hit of a ball
Fine powdery material ; the remains of something destroyed or broken up .
throw with force
Treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to .
pass through the esophagus
move freely ( usually within a bounded space )
secrete or form water
the state of being in contact
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
time to come
the legal state of owing money
a style and size of typeset
demand , ask for , or take as one 's due
Cause to be distrusted or rejected ; damage the reputation of .
Give equal rights to , as of the right to vote .
( cause to ) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
a knapsack , bundle on the back
a person who delivers information or goods
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
adherence to moral principles
have sex with
partake or provide a banquet
idolize / show devotion to
make a ticking sound
run or flow slowly
Write a computer programme .
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
An electronic storage device .
a reference line used to align lettering
the quality of dedication , fixity of purpose
Look furtively at something .
cast off , get rid of something
recover posession or get back again
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
( cause to ) move around
become due
Provide medical care for .
do over , make new
coat , cover , or treat the surface of
BASEBALL : strike out a batter
Regain or make up for , as of a financial loss .
duplicate , match
indistinct vocal articulations
the act of shoving something away
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch .
an intense surprise , often unpleasant
Make less emotionally hostile ; win over mentally or emotionally .
informal usage for a domestic cat , often young
The act of sorting one thing from others .
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
the people who dwell in a camp
An unforseen development .
bring into general popular / common use
make impure ; make radioactive
a long , thin implement , usually made of wood
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief ; retract a statement .
( Cause to ) to turn to the left side .
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
Physically attach to something .
assign to a particular task
culminating event
act of constructing
the primary information-processing component of a computer , of a microprocessor chip
consider again , usually with a view to changing
cancel , reverse , annul
define ; determine essential qualities of
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals .
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
move in an irregular course
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
jolt of electrical current to the body
Become pregnant .
the bestowing of a franchise , enfranchisment
act of distributing
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated .
conscious subjective emotion or desire
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something .
to hunt snipe
hunt for hawks
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
a brief attempt at some endeavor
propagation of waves back from a surface
examine minutely ; search diligently
enjoy , be fond of or approve
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
Strike or hit sharply , perhaps as in sport .
Fly in or on a glider plane
one fourth of a year
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
provide ( a person or group ) with power or authority
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise .
Envelop completely ; form a cover over .
mold for casting , setting concrete
cause friction ; wear away or erode
A feeling for something that is desired intensely .
put or store in a bottle
Be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning .
the act of choosing , picking one among many
act of becoming distant , moving away from
take in marriage ; perform a marriage ceremony
Skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways as a manner of motion .
a military fortification , stronghold
the fashionable elite of a given community
characteristic call of an animal
make or become more acute or intense
A journey for some purpose .
Fake or falsify ; control in a fraudulent manner .
fruit cooked down with sugar , jam
the act of leading or guiding others
coating used as a repellant to moisture
a person who cleans chimneys
Shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source .
behave in a certain way ; have a specific effect or outcome
communicate with a hiss
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
a sporting match , boxing
cause to reproduce ( plants or animals )
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted .
move along on wheels
[ provide with a new or different resting place
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
to interrupt , enter uninvited
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane .
a cause or source of harm
make ( more ) comprehensible
the state of being retained
a problem , something wrong
stretch out or over completely
continue to live , exist , or prosper
a caress with the lips
Provide with rails , as by laying .
the close approach of one object to another
make a hole with a pointed tool
Fix ( something old ) with a new part ; improve .
the act of damaging something , causing breakage
the ground level of a multi-storied building
A quantity of something
a large room
leave out , omit , prevent from entering
Sniff at inquiringly .
provide lodging for
Change the purpose or functioning of a system .
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
gain points in a game ; add up ( numbers )
travel in front of , be first , precede
Remove by rubbing
the hard upper part of the human nose
make shine
recover , return to former state
remove the pod , husk or shell
speed up the process of
( cause to ) swing and miss the third pitch , striking out
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status .
alter by chemical means , to make images .
highly infectious viral disease
make a certain size or sort according to size
Remove tree stumps from an area .
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue
a computer-generated visual image
do better in a competition ; win
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
Start abruptly , ignite
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
making real or concrete
Sound sharply or shrilly , as if stabbing .
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
spend time in prison
hold , contain within
act of verbally informing
forcefully request
the quality of dissimilarity
throw quickly , flick
move to and fro around a particular point or points , remain near
Put up with something or someone unpleasant ; show deference towards someone or some authority .
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
destruction of a ship
The human act of making something new .
ride ( a bicycle or motorcycle )
The principal activity that one does to earn money .
maintain or preserve a particular condition , state , or activity
a spoken or written reply to a question
committee with supervisory powers
a section of a composition , textual or musical
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
forked form or shape
insert or close with a plug
incite some act of insubordination
formally announce the termination of an agreement
beat or pound rapidly
Make a line or marks on a surface ; copy by following the lines of
recite as a chant , intone
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
act of applying force
the process of becoming less or smaller
Be in command of ; exercise authority or control over .
be a factor or play a role in something
an expanse of land
move an implement through with a circular motion , mix
deprive of courage , hope , or optimism
the armed forces
Furnish with metal spurs .
Remove water from a substance .
Provide with rails , as by laying .
make or be a summary
be affected with smut or mildew
Talk or behave amorously ; have sex with .
Excuse some minor social infraction ; accept an excuse for something .
indicate , be signs or symptoms of
a verbal or written request for access to something .
have a logical result
Travel on foot .
the act of suction
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals .
Put a harness on .
Provide or equip specifically with furniture .
To move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away ( from something ) .
reason or establish by deduction
Make pregnant ; fertilize and cause to grow .
find the solution to or understand the meaning of
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner .
put up with something unpleasant
A means or agency by which something is communicated .
take apart into constituent pieces
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program .
decree , issue an order
the termination , ending of a meeting
An indicator that orients one generally .
Increase the acoustic volume of .
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
hit a fly ( baseball )
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
be or come into conflict
Produce a phonemic click .
angle with a hook and line and draw through water
the front face of a building
make something more diverse or varied
issue bonds on something
women 's sleeveless undergarment
Move oneself very fast .
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition
make more complex or intricate
cause to be / show to be invalid
create a new entity by putting components or members together
the activity of providing supplies
make or become brighter or lighter
actors in a play
take someone 's soul into heaven
Discipline in personal or social activities .
a person eating a meal , often in a restaurant
A sudden ( emotional ) outburst .
make or become harder
the introductory portion of a story
work material with a tool
make or become less strict or severe
support by placing on or against something solid
Part , cease , or break association with ( something ) .
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election .
say , state , or perform again
allow the passage of air
unite ; merge with something already in existence
use resources or materials
make or become harder
( Cause to ) be firmly attached or closed .
make or become wider or more extensive
Unrestricted freedom to use something .
laying claim , the act of taking possession of , or power over , something .
give structure to
mark with scars
( Baseball ) Tag the base runner to get him out .
Be reflected as heat , light , or shock waves ; .
a competitor most likely to win
make or become longer
be on base at the end of an inning
Either of the two categories ( male or female ) into which most organisms are divided , or key properties that distinguish the categories .
( science ) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element .
provide with a toggle
( cause to ) move back and forth or side to side
measure the depth of a body of water
make a loud noise , as an animal
The act of coming to rest after a voyage .
join or bring together ( two ) objects , ideas , or people
Make reference to something .
Behave violently , as if in a state of great anger ; break or tear violently .
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course .
a feeling of aversion , distaste , antipathy
Release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition ( perhaps in a metaphorical sense )
overcome with amazement ; flabbergast
behave in a condescending manner
take into one 's family or group
( Contract bridge ) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make .
go on a campaign or off to war
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus
( Literally ) sound with resonance .
an injury to the skin caused by radiation , heat or chemicals
make a causal or logical connection ; group together
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny .
exercise or have power of memory
A feeling or state of extreme anger .
Wrinkled , crumpled , or creased .
Admit to testing / proof
an accounting period of 12 months
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
relative darkness of a color
Strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement .
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief .
open again , open anew
A conceptual formulation ; a way of conceiving something .
heat metal prior to working it
feel the strong need to eat
be in direct physical contact with
Give suck to ; receive suck .
covering for a bed
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
play a stringed instrument with a bow
Doubt or an impression that something might not be the case .
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown .
Express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) ; indicate .
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
a serving of a beverage
Give an incentive or reason for action .
the day before today
take or capture by force or authority
( Medicine ) Apply a plaster cast to .
interfere with someone else 's activity
Assign a new time for an event
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something .
touch or hold with the hands
scrape or rub to relieve itching
give a detailed account of
Any activity that acquires a person 's attention .
cause to become awake or alert
provide a feast or banquet
The act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts .
Fool or hoax ( someone ) .
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
The ( period of ) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power .
( computer science ) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer .
give pleasure , satifaction , or happiness ; be pleasing to
the soft padding under a saddle
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions .
move faster , or cause to move faster
Supply food ready to eat , as for parties and banquets .
express protest or dissent , raise an objection
clear mucus from one 's throat
pass into a state or condition
add embellishments ( to medieval manuscripts )
make or become thick
move or execute very quickly or hastily
hurt , feel physical pain
tell or spread rumors ; say
throw with force or recklessness ; cast away
return to in thought or speech
Try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully .
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily .
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes , which absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground .
Reproduce or make an exact copy of ; make , do , or perform again .
pass ( a thread ) through or into , on or as if on a string
Engrave by means of dots .
have a strong desire to do something
be relevant or pertinent
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the news
become aware of through the senses
cause to be alert or energetic
Remove by erasing or crossing out , as if by drawing a line through .
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles
Make a map of ; show or establish the features or details of ; explore or survey for the purposes of making a map .
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force .
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing .
Lead someone in the wrong direction ( physically ) ; give wrong spatial directions .
maintain , assert , or claim
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition .
make accessible to some action , influence , or condition
Approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit ; specifically a mathematical term .
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot .
put under the control of the federal government
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure .
equip with a fuse
end of the American Revolution
( mathematics ) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number .
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total .
Amplify an electron current by causing part of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit .
A human utters words loudly and forcefully .
oppose with equal weight or force
( Cause to ) strike the air in flight .
Preserve in a tin or jar .
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
make the surface level or smooth
Impress or affect deeply ( emotionally ) .
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting .
apply a thin coating of paint / metal
disregard , fail to attend to
make a short , sharp sound
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
Look through a book or some other written material ( for information ) .
state of being active
( theology ) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil .
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
Cook on a hot surface using fat ; cook in oil .
Improve by pruning or polishing
An area that is central within some larger region .
start suddenly , as if from fright
Be larger in number , quantity , power , status , or importance , without personally having sovereign power .
Give oneself entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause .
the finger next to the thumb , forefinger
put up with something or someone ( unpleasant )
role or function of the head of a government department
consider again , usually with a view to changing
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron
the act of giving someone a job , hiring someone
the act of annoying someone or something
Droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense .
Cite as an authority ; resort to ( as in an argument ) .
Allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .
make out of components ( in an improvising manner )
rehearse , learn by repetition
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
register formally as a participant
write as if with print , not in cursive
shoot down birds
appoint to clerical posts
( Chemistry ) Undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion .
Furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gase to escape .
Stand with arms or forelegs raised , as of menacing .
accounting period of 12 months
Convert the genetic information in a strand of DNA into a strand of RNA .
give a thrashing to , beat
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , for purposes of cooking or processing .
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect .
Protect or strengthen with sandbags .
travel ; make a tour of a place
the political head of city government
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue
A city on the River Thames in Bershire , southern England
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something
Take away a vital or essential part of something .
An imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short .
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin .
make up something fictional or untrue
the act of swallowing liquid
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
Reverse the winding or twisting of ; separate the tangles of .
Reimburse or compensate ( someone ) , as for a loss or sacrifice .
sharpen a razor with a strap
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm , or any of its subparts .
Rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder and lightning ; blow hard .
fill with high spirits
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant .
( cause to ) fall in drops
The status of being champion .
Draw advantages from ; take advantage .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
A Europe for All
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
The People Versus Putin
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
The questions are many .
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
The Political Stock Market
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
The Political Stock Market
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
Other ways are needed .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
A Europe for All
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
Some results are remarkable .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
Some results are remarkable .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
A Europe for All
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
Other ways are needed .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
Other ways are needed .
The Political Stock Market
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
Other ways are needed .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
The Political Stock Market
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
The Political Stock Market
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
Some results are remarkable .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
The People Versus Putin
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
The questions are many .
But they were necessary .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings .
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
The People Versus Putin
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
The People Versus Putin
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
But they were necessary .
The Political Stock Market
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
The questions are many .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
The questions are many .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
The questions are many .
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
Some results are remarkable .
A Europe for All
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
Some results are remarkable .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years .
A Europe for All
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant .
But they were necessary .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
Some results are remarkable .
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
A Europe for All
Gays and other " modern " practices are rejected as self-indulgent .
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
The People Versus Putin
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done .
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
The questions are many .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
The People Versus Putin
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy .
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ?
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Other ways are needed .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
They are ignorant , poor , and sick .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
Other ways are needed .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as " futile . "
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
Other ways are needed .
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate .
But they were necessary .
A Europe for All
But they were necessary .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of " malaise . "
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
Last year he was wanted for murder .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
But they were necessary .
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response .
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance .
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam .
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence .
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help .
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements .
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The questions are many .
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific .
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
The People Versus Putin
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written .
Some results are remarkable .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call " dollar envy " --will only become more acute .
Pro-market economists don 't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products .
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not .
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
The Political Stock Market
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production .
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force .
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity .
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary .
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself .
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves .
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years .
But they were necessary .
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall .
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy .
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency .
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ?
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 .
He did , but the initiative did not get very far .
there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases , there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. a salient _ entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned .
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as " associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy " for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications .
a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession , and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary , the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled .
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain .
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable .
this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver , which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing _ track _ of _ perceiver , where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject .
a person takes leave from his or her routine activity ( such as work or school ) for a duration of time. the duration can be any length of time , as long as the absence is temporary .
a trigger elicits a response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event .
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time _ of _ creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree .
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential _ recipient. in the absence of further qualifications , it is often understood that the potential _ recipient accepts the theme .
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .
an agent actively ( yet not always with success ) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is ( usually ) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent .
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date .
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time .
an agent has attempted to achieve a goal , and the actual outcome of the agent 's action has been resolved , so that it either specifically matches the agent 's intent ( e.g. success ) or does not match it ( e.g. failure ) .
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee , expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is .
a controlling _ entity is in conscious control over a dependent _ entity , dependent _ situation , or dependent _ variable .
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers .
this frame has to do with people ( the residents ) residing in locations , sometimes with a co-resident .
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal _ realization. the formal _ realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part _ of _ form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal _ realization
a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade , including another tool .
this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased .
this frame contains ( transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count , unit and process. in this frame , we will not annotate deictic , calendric uses of nouns like week , month , etc. as in " next week , this month , in the 21st century " .
while in motion , an impactor makes sudden , forcible contact with the impactee , or two impactors both move , mutually making forcible contact .
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium .
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant .
in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group. alternatively , a grammatically more prominent party _ 1 assembles with a party _ 2 , expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen , purpose only relates to party _ 1 .
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .
there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location. the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness , as shown in the following examples
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium .
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic .
an entity is in a specified state. when not explicitly specified , the state usually concerns the entity 's health , repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity .
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is .
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups ( here termed organizations ) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party .
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable .
a benefactor confers a beneficial _ situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce _ scenario , the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore , the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous , though if it is , it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to a time or place .
these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity ( the governed ) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position ( e.g. director , king , president ) , and verbs describing the action of leadership ( e.g. rule , reign ) . with verbs , it is possible to mention the role played by the leader ( often a name of a leading position , e.g. , king )
an object theme moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context , but its is always implied by the verb itself .
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality , generally a common attribute .
an employee has a position doing work in a particular field , or doing work on a particular task , for which an employer gives compensation to the employee .
a current _ instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous _ instance encountered in a previous _ context .
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter. matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme .
a theme traverses a trajectory. this trajectory consists of a source , path , and goal. if the theme is sentient , the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme .
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist .
an entity changes from a prior _ state to a post _ state in a sequence leading to improvement .
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance .
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities .
this frame describes a particular instance of an event .
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute. note that in this frame , the entity does not experience the temperature , but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective _ temperature
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .
an agent occupies a role in some institution. this roleis ( usually ) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned .
a figure is located relative to a ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location ( generally , the deictic center ) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location ( generally , the deictic center ) .
this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally , participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe , attendees. note the difference between this frame and social _ event _ individuals , where participants are grammatically separated .
this frame contains items which , when manipulated , alter the funtion of some device , internal or external .
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical .
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a ( possibly unexpressed ) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle .
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target a specific aspect of color .
a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity .
this frame covers words for body _ part ( s ) ( bp ) belonging to a possessor ( poss ) , which may be characterized by a descriptor ( desc ) . the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational _ location. a subregion of a bp may also be indicated .
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases , a non-agentive responding _ entity causes the response after the trigger occurs .
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state .
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force , or most important causal factor in some situation , to the exclusion of other competing actors .
an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame ( e.g. great , good ) can only express permanent , generic states of the entity .
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden , forcible contact with an impactee , or manipulates two ( or more ) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact .
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer 's subjective standard of comfort .
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state .
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time .
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action .
the temperature in a certain environment , determined by time and place , is specified .
a state _ of _ affairs is evaluated as good ( or bad ) , against a background assumption that previously , the state _ of _ affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state _ of _ affairs holds for a particular protagonist .
an agent makes use of a means ( either an action or a ( system of ) entities standing in for the action ) in order to achieve a purpose . ( this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions . )
an developer develops a product , in some cases for a company .
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time _ of _ creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree .
an influencing _ variable , an influencing _ situation , or an influencing _ entity has an influence on a dependent _ entity , dependent _ variable , or a dependent _ situation. compare to subjective _ influence. words in objective _ influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world , where words in subjective _ influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers .
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target .
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece _ prop which is a property of the piece , e.g. relating to its size .
a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is generally passive , although for many types of address ( including academic talks and press conferences ) , a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required .
the word ( s ) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that .
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole 's orientation , center , or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part , e.g. relating to its size .
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role .
a place defined by an owner .
a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction , dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it , and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body .
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense .
ambient conditions of temperature , precipitation , windiness , and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated .
an individual or group ( practitioner ) or a part of their work life ( work ) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively , the activity may be indicated by a salient _ entity conventionally associated with it .
a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information .
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words , analogously to behaver-evaluating words , can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic .
this frame is for objects , physical or otherwise , which are used to grant access to some location or function .
an entity has the ability to contain a theme .
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter. matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed
two individuals , the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind .
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled _ action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled _ action may be mentioned as well .
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body .
in this frame , there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective , it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective , as in
an event takes place at a place and time .
there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event ( typically perception or manipulation ) with the participant. alternatively , the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [ note the connection with * distance , sufficiency , and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased " close enough to be able to " . ]
in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally ( first to last and vice versa ) or vertically ( down to up and vice versa ) . the part can be modified by the part _ prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality .
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition .
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target .
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified , such as its creator , time _ of _ creation , name , type , and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity .
a helper benefits a benefited _ party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited _ party has. a focal _ entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it .
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal _ realization. the formal _ realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part _ of _ form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal _ realization
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain _ of _ relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame ( e.g. argue ) are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense .
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense .
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose .
this frame concerns a cognizer 's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed .
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body _ part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases , the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body _ part , in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer .
a useful _ location is accessible to some ( possibly generic ) theme despite a potential barrier , or is not accessible because of the barrier .
in a text , a source _ of _ information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled , with the source _ of _ information made salient .
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents , usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text .
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware ( or not being aware ) of the difference between two phenomena , which may be expressed jointly or disjointly .
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain _ of _ relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame ( e.g. argue ) are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense .
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups ( here termed organizations ) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party .
in this frame an evaluee is described by a ( usually implicit ) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior .
an author creates a text , either written , such as a letter , or spoken , such as a speech , that contains meaningful linguistic tokens , and may have a particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic , although the latter is not an fe in this frame .
a controlling _ entity , controlling _ situation , or controlling _ variable control a dependent _ entity , dependent _ situation , or dependent _ variable. the latter , dependent , element or some aspect of it is not just influenced , but determined by the controlling element .
this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession ( i.e. robbery or gambling ) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession .
these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent , usually with regard to another person ( the controllee ) and often with regard to a particular issue. the strictness / lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in ( expressed by ) an agent or by some medium ( e.g. , laws ) , or by some behavior of the agent , i.e. , the controlling _ act .
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity .
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified , such as its creator , time _ of _ creation , name , type , and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity .
authorities charge a suspect , who is under suspicion of having committed a crime ( the charges ) , and take him / her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter .
the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text .
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy .
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time _ of _ creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree .
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided .
an entity exists at a particular location , at a particular time , as observed by an implicit observer. a depictive and / or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity 's existence. in some cases , the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information
an entity undergoes some change ( the event ) that is ( or is construed as ) punctual . ( this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited . )
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features , including land / ice forms and bodies of water .
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a ( generally implicit ) judge .
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time .
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard. alternatively , an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard. in this frame , the agent , entity , or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale .
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type .
the answer to one open question , the outcome , is dictated ( partially or completely ) by the answer to another open question , the determinant , i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known , the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed .
this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter .
these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a ( usually unexpressed ) judge to give , either in a specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames , medium may also be expressed .
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a ( typically generic and backgrounded ) cognizer on a certain number of occasions , causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer .
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence , location or possession .
these words refer to parts merging to form a whole . ( the parts may also be encoded as part _ 1 and part _ 2 . ) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process , and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole .
a man-made artifact , digital or physical , which is used to display information presented via the object .
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame ( e.g. foresee.v ) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true , while others do not .
a helper benefits a benefited _ party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited _ party has. a focal _ entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it .
an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a ( possibly unexpressed ) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building .
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions .
geography as defined by its use .
a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known , given the ( usually implicit ) evidence , perceiver , and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus , such as visible , audible , etc . , the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience .
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain .
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage .
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale .
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case .
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively .
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree .
an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal. alternatively , a salient _ entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression .
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun .
this frame contains words referring to items of food .
a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness , in other words the amount of money in their possession .
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis. this experiment contains a control _ group or controlled _ individual which is compared with a treatment _ group or treated _ individual in order to determine the result .
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree .
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive , or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions , however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life .
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty .
this frame has to do with the repetition ( and especially the frequency of repetition ) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric _ unit frame .
this frame contains transparent nouns ( and some adjectives ) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group , set , these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own. initially , at least , we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame , though we may split the frame along these lines later on .
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity .
an agent or cause makes a new _ member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing _ member if it implies the existence of a set of members .
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation ; see below .
in this frame , which is a part of the trial sequence , a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case .
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names .
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is , therefore , marked as a null instantiation .
the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer 's attitude about or outlook on a state _ of _ affairs. the state _ of _ affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases , as shown in the following
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process .
a cognizer introduces a new _ idea into society .
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance .
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm , energy , and positivity .
this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist 's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork 's creation or other descriptors .
geography as defined by its use .
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements .
a person ( the cognizer ) comes to believe something ( the content ) , sometimes after a process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic , i.e. that which the mental content is about .
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist .
this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical _ event occurring. the hypothetical _ event is its only core frame element. notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb , that np is also tagged as hypothetical _ event .
in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery _ device can appear as a direct object .
the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication , but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument .
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features , including land / ice forms and bodies of water .
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun .
a perceiver determines the location of a sought _ entity within a ground .
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action .
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured , or metonymically , entity had formerly existed , in a location .
a competition comes to an end , with a competitor tying , winning , or losing against an opponent ( or opponents ) according to their score . ( in the symmetrical situation of a tie , the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors . ) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved , they may receive a rank or a prize. the margin may also be mentioned .
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico
SC dismisses govt 's review plea in Vodafone tax case
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria 's Homs
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday
Israel ex-spy warns against ' messianic ' Iran war
Eye Opener : Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus
Sachin Tendulkar says I 'm not God , I 'm Sachin
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea
Teenager in China kills 8 , wounds 5 in knife attack
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria
Knesset speaker : Obama reelection bad for Israel
Netanyahu set to call early vote
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
Putin ' Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Indian finance minister quits to run for president
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China : report
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks
Annan warns talks of Syria risks
Quartet calls on Israelis , Palestinians to end irritants
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist
China 's Cabinet promises to boost economy
Annan , UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics
Military plane crashes in south France : authorities
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel ; no injuries
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
Stocks rise early after Greek deal , then flatten
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp
NATO : 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin 's resignation
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22
French election turnout higher than expected
Australia to establish the world 's largest marine reserve
Two U.S. soldiers shot , killed by Afghan soldier
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government
Egypt ’ s Coptic Church Names New Pope
Malawi Officially Confirms President 's Death
Mali 's Tuareg rebels declare independence
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive ?
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
ISAF : 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police
Coty launches $ 10 billion bid for rival Avon
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall
China news agency : Still hope for Syria peace
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash
US , allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $ 1.0 bn
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee
Middle East : Israel : Hamas Leader Convicted
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
Woman dies after abortion refusal
Greece votes in crucial election
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts
I 'll Have Another retired to stud
Syria journalists rescue bid fails
New sex claim hits Secret Service
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
Rimsha Masih released on bail
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France
No damage , tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia 's Sumatra
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza
18 killed , 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel
Rebel fighters ' capture ' Syrian soldiers
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist 's care
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia 's Papua : USGS
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men 's final ? All you need to know about the big game
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
Iran ( Islamic Republic of ) : Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska
'No Evidence ' In Afghanistan Massacre Case
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend , buy back shares
7 soldiers killed , 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
China stocks close mixed Friday
India bans bulk texts after riots
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian ' massacre ' – video
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
Man killed in French terror raid
Dali painting stolen from gallery
Capello quits as England manager
One dead in Ohio school shooting
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
The Note 's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4 , 2012
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'
Annan urges end to Syria violence , minister defects
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote : exit polls
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs
Nigeria plane crash : No survivors
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39
Strong earthquake hits Mexico
Russia , China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy
Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO 's Afghan HQ
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
Chicago teachers strike : Vacations for students , for good or ill
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
PM in Tehran , asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
Senators can return to playoffs with victory
Syria urges refugees to return
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan
Rupert Murdoch : I was the victim of a cover up
Barack Obama 's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal
China 's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday
South Africa train crash kills at least 19
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in
Man , 19 , quizzed over teen murder
Israel kills Hamas commander , bombs Gaza targets
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian ' massacre ' – video
Russia , China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing
NATO Condemns Syria 's Downing of Turkish Military Jet
Activists : Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border : army
Five killed in China building collapse
Syrian forces launch new attacks
Syrians trade blame over blasts
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel ; no injuries
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik drops far-right salute in court
Second teenager charged with murder
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders
US : Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law
S. Africa 's former president Mandela discharged from hospital
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt 's Presidential Election
Donna Summer , the queen of disco
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines , police say
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
Mali future interim president readies to take office
9 killed , 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes
Tehran : EU sanctions won 't force Iran into nuclear talks
Portugal Drownings : UK Girl And Grandad Named
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses
Court in Bahrain rejects medics ' last rally appeal
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel
Algerian government parties dominate elections
Security official killed in Yemen
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber ; Apple falls
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate : source
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan : Rasmussen
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
No blocks to investment
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Nadal tumbles into French Open final
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin
Putin claims victory in Russia 's presidential election
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House
Government promises action on Heathrow queues
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
Obama team raises debate stakes
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
Iran , powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak 's old office
Another rocket hits Eshkol ; no injuries
Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Assange appeals extradition to UK 's top court
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb
Mob kills man for burning Quran
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Putin claims victory in Russia 's presidential election
Sarkozy announces re-election bid
US , UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory
Salafi Islamists , police clash in Tunis - witnesses
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China
Head of CIA resigns over affair
France 's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
Sony reports record annual loss
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations
US closes embassy in Syria ( AP )
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria
US drone strike kills 8 militants
Russians rally against Putin 's rule
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests
China stocks open flat Monday
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor
Obama endorses same-sex marriage
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane : officials
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact
Two German tourists , two pilots killed in Kenya air crash
Israeli , Palestinian negotiators quietly meet
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
Amnesty : Syria rebels also committing abuses
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana
East German rights activist Gauck elected president
South Africa starts investigating mine violence
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think
3 dead , 27 injured in SW China accident
Erdogan 's party submits plan for Turkish presidency
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Man arrested over double murder
Florida counties extend early voting
Warship sets sail for Falklands
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool : Match report , pictures & video highlights
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
Police : Four killed in German hostage taking incident
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race
Syrian journalists killed in capital
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site
Publisher acquitted in privacy case
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract
Greek PM to announce new election
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front : Congress
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China
Eurozone backs Greek bailout
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
Romney , Obama fight for edge on Medicare
Two blasts hit Syria capital
BBC director general resigns over ' shoddy journalism'
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
In Islamist-led Egypt , Coptic Church names new pope
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget ; protesters gather
Not ' hiding the ball ' on Russia : Obama
U.S. , EU Cautiously Welcome Iran 's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks
Barack Obama 's personal evolution on same-sex marriage
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries
Journalists hail London Olympics opening
Aust stocks open lower
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails
Palestinians : 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip
Mali 's President Hands in Resignation
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq , February 1
HRW : Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters in world : report
Egyptians to vote for new president
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
China stocks close mixed Friday
Ton up : Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses
43 killed in bus crash
Putin sworn in as Russian president
China trade returns to surplus in March
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport
Full Episode : Nightline 6 / 29 : Katie Holmes , Tom Cruise to Divorce
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks
Conspiracy against me - Lance
Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan
Syria demands guarantees , rebels say peace plan doomed
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
Golf : Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Romanian president declared victory
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties
Mali interim leader takes office
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote
AL renews condemnation on Syria 's violence
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape
More than 30 striking miners killed
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets
Mali Islamists destroying ' more Timbuktu shrines'
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case
Romney , Paul vie for Maine caucus win
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF
Several dead , 550 injured in Argentina train crash
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs
Sheriff : Man recovers stolen car 42 years later
Google CEO says Android important , not critical
Mursi takes oath of office , becomes Egyptian president
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia
Romney vows to restore ' promise of America'
Santorum 's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action
Mandela released from hospital
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton : Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
Hezbollah 's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film
Syrian forces shell towns , clash with rebels
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6 %
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
Obama , Romney Prepare for First Debate
First significant gas found offshore Kenya
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
At CPAC , Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel ; none hurt
Glorious triple-gold night for Britain
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election
Police ' did not link ' Savile claims
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
James Murdoch quits BSkyB
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91
Egypt presidential election May 23-24
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre
AP poll : Majority in US have prejudice against blacks
AP Source : Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick
China says defense budget to rise 11.2 % in 2012
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $ 356 million
US offers US $ 10 mil. for Pakistan militant
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane , not guilty
Tsunami warning : No need for SA to panic
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who ' overstepped the mark'
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale
'Grenade attack ' kills one and injures at least 11
Toulouse siege : Police surround flat of ' Islamic warrior ' suspected of being serial killer
'Scores of bodies ' found in Syria
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
Australians flee homes amid floods
How wind farm developers ' use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan : officials
Wigan 3-2 Wolves : Match report , pictures & video highlights
UK spends £ 3m on foreign prisons
Nigeria : Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria 's Aleppo
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone
Avengers sets box office record
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen
Sylvester Stallone 's son found dead in Hollywood
NATO : 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem
The Note 's Must-Reads for August 1 , 2012
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians
Hollande wins French presidential election
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges
Military : Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade
Syria peace plan conditions “ unacceptable , ” opposition says
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks
9 dead , 11 hurt , 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
Taliban pose as ' attractive women , on Facebook for spying
China activist Chen lands in US
City Room : Empire State Building Shooting
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15
Yemen Suicide Blast , Drone Attack Kill At Least 30
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Obama silent on China dissident
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
Prince Philip hospitalised in London
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti , swipes Cuba
'Desperate Housewives ' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies
Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area ; none hurt
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital
World stocks rise on hopes for EU , US stimulus
Gore Vidal dead at 86 : Legendary author , playwright , and politician dies
Egypt 's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners
Isaac drenches Haiti , heads toward Cuba , Florida
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition
Denver shooting : Police to detonate devices in suspect 's home
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
Microsoft 's Surface a big bet on future : Analysts
'Whitey ' Bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years
Mauritanian president shot by army unit
Syria hands over bodies of journalists
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities : IAEA report
Donna Summer , Queen of Disco , dies at 63
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria
Iraqi Attacks Kill General , Four Police
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes
Brazil 's ' pop-star priest ' gets mammoth new stage
Washington : More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep
Putin claims victory in Russia 's presidential election
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count , Mistrial on Others
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
Gunman may have filmed school massacre
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28 %
Coroner : Whitney Houston died in bathtub
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base
Thailand : Iranians planned to attack Israelis
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures
Avengers sets box office record
Putin ' Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote
UN Chief Finds His Voice , Remains Cautious on China
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross
Libyans begin handing in weapons
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak , 19 injured
George Zimmerman ' to be charged ' with killing Trayvon Martin
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
Penn State football players react to sanctions
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus
Soggy solstice : Stonehenge gets soaking
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared
Chicago teacher strike nears end with ' framework ' agreement in place
Indonesian president to visit UK
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns
Storm delays start of Republican convention
Freight train derails , catches fire in Columbus , Ohio
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash : military
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals
Japan closes last nuclear reactor
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
Apple iPad mini makes debut
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters
ArQule , Daiichi stop lung cancer trial , shares tank
Teenager and father killed in crash
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
Breivik complains of ' ridicule'
Officials : Romney to get Secret Service protection
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic ( the ) : Syrian Arab Republic : Syrian Refugees ( as of 28 June 2012 )
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners
Airlines cancel ' flytilla ' activists ' tickets to TA
Spain asks for bank rescue
East Timor votes in presidential election
The murky waters of the South China Sea
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan
SpaceX docks with International Space Station : Up next , public travel ?
Romney rocked by secret video
'Million Muppet March ' to defend Obama backing of PBS
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $ 15bn
Iran 's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers : officials
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $ 125 billion
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
Afghan , US govts sign deal on controversial night raid
China mine accident kills 10
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict
Secret Service sees its ' biggest scandal ' over prostitutes
Kuwait : Activists storm Syrian embassy ; two injured
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi 's visit to Ireland
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low
Woman killed by falling debris
Aust shares up 1 % after interest rate cut
Germany warns Greece : No more money without reforms
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Obama to meet families of shooting victims
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data : Reuters / Ipsos poll
Russia , China Veto UN Resolution on Syria
Two killed , 19 injured in Toronto shooting
What the Pope 's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow
Juror : Sandusky appeared to accept his fate
Washington 's Acts of Congress sells for $ 9.8M
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against ' honor killing'
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
Soldier ' can 't recall ' massacre
Not a good beginning : Hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Syrian forces storm central town
Pak : 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests
Cause of Whitney Houston 's death could take weeks
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill
A Tale of Two Passes : How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots
Profiles of Egypt 's main presidential candidates
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
British gold rush silences gripes over cost
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low : what the analysts say
Komen won 't cut Planned Parenthood funding
Forex & amp ; Gold 25 August 2012
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue
Agribusiness : Mad cow disease found in California
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $ 5.55 bil
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims : police
Romney leads rivals , not Obama , in fundraising
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
9 / 11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing
Syrian govt wont stop attacks
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Myanmar : Opposition claims Suu Kyi win
Obama 's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
Cheap generics no panacea for India ’ s poorest
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30
Syrian forces bombard Homs , Russia warns of civil war
Egypt presidential election results delayed
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal
'Arrest warrant ' for Maldives ex-president
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14
HRW : Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria
NKorea makes " significant " nuclear reactor progress - IAEA
Maldives president quits after police mutiny , protests
NATO strike ' kills civilians ' in Afghanistan
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan 's battle
Navy jet crashes into US apartments , pilots eject
China stocks open higher Wednesday
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
US teen held in Chicago ' jihad ' car bomb plot
PC David Rathband : twin brother 's fears for his ' bestest mate'
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo
20-member parliamentary , trade team leaves for India
Sly Stallone 's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA
Wall Street Opens Lower
Clinton : US , Europe must do more against tyrants
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
Stock index futures point to lower start
Man charged after MP hurt in attack
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Nokia apologises for ' faked ' ad
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan , Tunisia
Egypt 's Mubarak critical
Sandy slams into Northeast ; at least 18 dead , 7.4M without power
Romney , Obama clash on tax , economy in first debate
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza : medics
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings , injuring six
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Spain jobless rate hits new high
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians : police
Turkey scrambles jets near border
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair
Civilian , defector killed in Syria , says NGO
Malawi confirms president 's death
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
Bank of England 's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal
Bombings , clashes continue in Syria
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony ' to feature a green and pleasant land'
Burma 's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
7 dead in Christian school shooting
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
US Election : Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday
Venezuela 's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary
Yahoo ! to name Google 's Mayer as CEO : report
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy : USGS
US gov 't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Motor Racing : Button fastest in year 's first F1 practice
Rangers voted into Division Three
Syria in ceasefire observers call
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
Spurs get revenge on Lakers , lead West
F1 protests in Bahrain
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
China 's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July
Homs mortar fire kills 105
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5 , wound 50
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions
Barack Obama admits US has ' more nuclear weapons than we need'
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region ; no injuries
'Betrayed ' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica : NHC
Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel , 3 hurt : police
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S .
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets
measure the depth of a body of water
someone who plays a principal role
( cause to ) come to rest on a surface
the act of advocating or promoting something
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
a state of being elevated or raised
the act of lifting something
Bind or join ( as if ) with cement .
( finally ) do something or be somewhere
a point , as the op part of a compass arrow
the act of preserving or protecting something
coerce by violence , fill with terror
cause to move , cause to be moved
the uppermost area of region of something
the foremost part of something
behave or move in a certain manner
a reproduction or physical representation of something
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
the act of preserving or protecting something
Cut into , possibly creating something new .
the act of choosing among alternatives
The act of testing something .
the state of being in contact
giving a reference or citation of something
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity .
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
a feeling or state of contentment , relief
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point .
place into the ground for growing
an approximated amount of something
stimulate sexually ; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
Express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) ; indicate .
The state of being suspected .
The act of providing approval and support .
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn ; take turns working .
a side or surface of something
utter in a certain way
the act of turning , rotating an object
( Cause to ) increase in extent or intensity .
the legal state of owing money
make sense of , give meaning to
The act of beginning something new .
printed version of electronic data from a computer
Limit in quantity or quality .
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture .
Expel or eject ( saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit ) from the mouth .
the natural progression or development of something
the act of lifting something
an explanation or alibi for something
recover , return to former state
Act without permission or with too much confidence .
the act of putting a preparation on something .
become the owner or posessor of something
the act of moving , turning something
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the act or means of getting rid of something .
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
a distinctive style of clothing
cause to have an odor
fall or cause to fall
the act of allowing , bestowing something
keep from being seen or perceived by others
a document authorizing another to vote on one 's behalf
the act of lifting something
the act of combining , blending , integrating
smell by inhaling through the nose
the conclusion of a communication
( cause to ) adopt a different system , value , or viewpoint
( cause to ) become less intense or strict
the act of choosing or selecting
narrative or account , intended as factual reporting
Engrave by means of dots .
the act of shoving something away
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
make noise like bad engine
be in direct physical contact with
the quality of being dependable
Arrange a programme for an individual , group , or entity .
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
the quality of being dependable
a store or supply of something
suggest or prescribe a solution
person who manages money in board games
the act of rubbing a surface
The act of dividing or disconnecting .
the act of validating the authenticity of something
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the act of preserving or protecting something
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition
Travel ( as if ) through water .
administer or bestow , as portions
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course .
Induce into action by using one 's charm ; provoke to do something .
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
hold or embrace in a tight grip
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
the foremost part of something
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something .
the act of planning or deliberating
be located at or on top of something
the scent or odor of something
( Cause to ) make a dry crackling sound , possibly by mixing .
fill , attach , fix with , or as if with gum
The act of talking about the features of something .
the act of providing help or aid to someone
a natural growth of plants , usually trees
the act of planning or deliberating
the physical expanse of the universe
a boundary area or edge of something
reach a destination or goal
the act of preserving or protecting something
to argue or plead in favor of
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for
take or capture by force or authority
( cause to ) lengthen or stretch out in space
the act of rending , tearing , ripping
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles ( as of an army ) .
( the content of ) a communication .
The act of changing course or twisting oneself .
the act of pressing together firmly
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed .
move to a lower position , terminate something
the act of pulling a load
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly
The human act of making something new .
make or become more acute or intense
the activity of breaking or splintering something
the extreme endpoint of something
Perform an action with an intent to deceive .
any cause or source of great suffering
the act of moving , turning something
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact .
The state of being pleased with life .
the height of the sea 's surface
The act of testing something .
cover with a primer base
discover a logical or causal connection ; associate
Rewrite in a different script .
the act of reasoning , cogitation
the act of giving a speech
be located at or on top of something
the act of turning , rotating an object
the scent or odor of something
Give an incentive or reason for action .
the context or setting in which something takes place
tolerate ; aceept or take on as a responsibility .
move from one location to another
The act of testing something .
Give a performative affectation to ( something ) .
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
Turn the paddle or oar .
the activity of examining or assessing something
the conclusion of a communication
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something .
be a reason , cause , or justification of
retreat or move from a position , relocate
The human act of making something new .
an instance of halting some motion
( cause to ) gradually become weak
a deficiency , state of disappointment , non-achievement
The act of giving up a claim , office , or possession .
the uppermost area of region of something
take something or someone away from somewhere
energy in the form of molecular motion
a state of exposure to harm
the act of putting a preparation on something .
The act of testing something .
have a strong desire to do something
take in ( mentally or physically )
the act of intentionally omitting something
pronounce with a nasal twang
an upward slope or incline
an allotment or percentage of something
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower .
Identify , establish location or identity
the act of shoving something away
an explanation or alibi for something
incline from a vertical position
Preserve in a tin or jar .
behave or move in a certain manner
The act of testing something .
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up
The principal activity that one does to earn money .
The act of dividing or disconnecting .
the act of planning or deliberating
The act of testing something .
12th month of the calendar year
the activity of examining or assessing something
the act of turning , rotating an object
a company that provides public service commodities
get involved with or mixed up
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
a fast rate or occurrence of something
the act of lifting something
( cause to ) become even or level
Declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective .
Give an incentive or reason for action .
hit or return before it touches the ground
the act or means of getting rid of something .
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
A storyline ; the plan , scheme , or main story of a literary or dramatic work , true or fictional .
the activity of breaking or splintering something
a retail store with merchandise for sale
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
be a factor or play a role in something
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
request or demand something from someone
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something
Ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders .
oppose with equal weight or force
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
the quality of being important , worthy of attention
attachment , restraint or shackle between physical entities
the reduction of the extent of something , e.g , its size , importance or quantity
a visual characterization of something
put in a particular place or abstract location
the action of extending outwards
the consequence or aftermath of something
( Cause to ) increase in anxiety .
the activity of examining or assessing something
the act of preserving or protecting something
turn on an axis ; spin
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
the processing or operation of something
the act of pulling a load
the act of explaining or defending something
come upon , attack or catch someone or something unaware
the act of turning , rotating an object
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
the primary component of a communication
the process of becoming less or smaller
the concluding section of a communication
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .
the act or capability of seeing
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
give a specific interpretation to
The state of being suspected .
The process of cultivating the land , possibly as a way of life .
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
accept , acclimate or adapt to a context , situation
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles
The human act of making something new .
Beat or hit ( as if ) with a whip .
the act of lifting something
rein in a horse to lose a race
( cause to ) come to rest on a surface
provide or supply with water
Amount that can be contained
contain or have a specific wording or information
a channel of social communication
Cause to be or last longer , extend in duration or space .
a rank or position relative to others
the uppermost area of region of something
the apparent condition or state of something
burn slightly to affect color
a general trait or characteristic of something
position in football played by a team member
The act of arranging elements together .
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
the act of choosing or selecting
incite action , cause an event
come up , as of liquid or gas
( Cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
anatomical shape of the body of a being , physique
cause romantic action ; lure away from proper conduct
make up something fictional or untrue
remove to or from a place or situation
the act of lifting something
a happening or incident of human significance
protect with or as if with a shield
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
the act of lifting something
( cause to ) move gently back and forth
the state of being in contact
The act of testing something .
the act of explaining or defending something
Understand the meaning of something .
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
the act of annoying someone or something
change ( dramatically ) between high and low values
the activity of examining or assessing something
( cause to ) be anxious or preoccupied
design for a specific purpose
to combat or oppose someone or something
( Cause to ) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space .
a mental grasp or understanding of something
do something considered below one 's diginty
( game ) a division during which one is allowed to play ( perhaps as offense ) .
the act of cutting off length , snipping off
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
the act of annoying someone or something
the extreme endpoint of something
be or have a quality of being
Improve by pruning or polishing
the act of preserving or protecting something
register formally as a participant
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm
The act of beginning something new .
the act of annoying someone or something
Cut into , possibly creating something new .
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
come up , as of liquid or gas
cause to be immersed in
the act of substituting one thing for another
The act of testing something .
the act of validating the authenticity of something
amount of time that something is postponed
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually .
An established or recognized right , formal or informal .
the act of intentionally omitting something
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
a method for solving a problem
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
an observer of a process or activity
an address used for postal communication
Spur on , urge , or deride by cheers and shouts .
spare in quality or quantity
the act of shoving something away
the apparent condition or state of something
engrave , shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
something considered trite but amusing
the act of lifting something
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
( Cause to ) change from a solid to a liquid .
( The act of making ) a measurement of something .
a duplicate of something , serving as a backup
( The act of making ) a measurement of something .
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus
club or association of people with a shared interest
free from obligations , service or confinement
the degree or amount of something
the act of arriving at a certain place
medium of exchange minted by a government
advance or set forward in court
make a written note of something
the act of explaining or defending something
a citizen of ancient Troy
The act of testing something .
the act of turning , rotating an object
The act of moving in a hurried manner .
the act of clipping , cutting
Physically raise from a lower position .
the act of turning , rotating an object
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
advance warning or notification of something
the act of advocating or promoting something
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .
smother , surpress or lessen something
cause to be immersed in
The human act of making something new .
The intended meaning of an instance of communication .
be given to , come into the possession of
utter in a certain way
have or be covered with bristles
the act of planning or deliberating
be located at or on top of something
be in or establish communication with
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions .
be located at or on top of something
a collection of something , often a large amount
whip with or as if with a whisk
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
decorate a manuscript with red
the act of devoting time and energy to something
verify something by comparing to a standard
Part , cease , or break association with ( something ) .
put heels on a shoe
the act of preserving or protecting something
make images or sounds less sharp
Expel or eject saliva , sputum , or an object from the mouth .
measure the depth of a body of water
give a detailed account of
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
the act of choosing or selecting
have a strong desire to do something
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone .
person who is a social companion
hold or place in equilibrium
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
work as a tinker ( fix pots and pans )
the act of allowing , bestowing something
the termination , ending of a meeting
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
a social occasion , often official or formal
infer or believe to be the case
move in such a way as to avoid
The state of being absent .
remove by pinching or snipping
( Cause to ) become a powder or as dust .
prepare , arrange ; create or organize for a particular purpose
the act of people having sex
to lecture formally to an audience
the act of creating an artistic work
the state of being in contact
collect discarded , refused or damaged material
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
the act of providing incentive to someone
the activity of examining or assessing something
Make marks in the surface of .
Make a copy with the intent to deceive .
the act of choosing or selecting
spare in quality or quantity
return to in thought or speech
The act of testing something .
manner of handling , managing someone or something
the act of selecting or picking something
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
Shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source .
The act of purchasing back something previously sold .
reach or cause to reach the highest point , best something
a type of military aircraft
the act of putting a preparation on something .
a person who plants or detonates explosives
make fit for a specific purpose
strike with horror , surprise , disgust
have the same value , be or become equivalent to something else
A state of confusion or disorder .
a public enclosure for animals , as dogs
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another , enabling international transactions
the natural progression or development of something
the act of pulling an object
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading .
The act of purchasing back something previously sold .
Cook in cream or using cream .
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
identify or pick out someone or something
a state of being encircled
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
a major branch of a tree
the act of lifting something
( Cause to ) become a fluid , as when heated .
form schemes in an underhand manner
identify or pick out someone or something
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
Move as if unable to control one 's manner or direction of movement .
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
make fit for a specific purpose
the act of lifting something
cause to move , cause to be moved
an indication of something , evidence
The state of being absent .
( cause to ) break up or cease to function
the selection of a lottery winner
being in a protected state or condition
the act of escaping , fleeing
build , make by combining materials or parts
Create a coating for something .
Create a coating for something .
restrict or limit the range of
the act of annoying someone or something
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
the act of providing incentive to someone
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
presentation of a musical theme
cause or permit to fall to the ground
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
the act of taking an offer
a group of people appointed to a committee
intuitions , a hunch or feeling
situate , position , come to rest
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting .
the act of lifting something
Place limits on ; form the boundary of or be contiguous to .
the value of a currency 's conversion to another currency
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
the act of lifting something
the act of escaping , fleeing
people who are impoverished , without basic possessions
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the act of explaining or defending something
the act of lifting something
confine in or as if in a prison
Make a copy with the intent to deceive .
the act of sorting things into categories
Fly in or on a glider plane
the act of choosing or selecting
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
Go after with the intent to follow or catch .
the center region of an object
an approximated amount of something
cover completely ; form a cover over ; expand over .
room where work or repairs are done
the act of shoving something away
take possession of by legal authority ( for security ) .
hand over or put in
cause to turn from one course or use to another
the act of pulling a load
the act of annoying someone or something
The act of talking about the features of something .
turn from an upright / normal position
the act of lifting something
the identification or the realization of something
the act of concealing or disguising
A document granting a right or privilege , as to an inventor .
the central area of an object
the act of lifting something
the act of lifting something
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the act of advocating or promoting something
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste , perceptible by an experiencer .
Be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning .
the general impression or appearance of something
know , realize , and comprehend the meaning
Make or create something for a specific function .
get rid of as if with water ( metaphorical )
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
the act of providing incentive to someone
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for
strive against another or others to attain a goal
The act of testing something .
Gather or remove ( from a location ) for use .
the act of directing attention , resources to something
Ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders .
the act of combining , blending , integrating
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
the translation of an opus from one language to another
the act of annoying someone or something
Write differently or alter a piece or writing , perhaps to suit a different purpose .
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
Dispose of something as useless and old ; physically tear apart .
The state of being absent .
rise to surface ; become visible or known
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
lessen in force or effect , restrain , weaken
the act of intentionally omitting something
the act of advocating or promoting something
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
The act of testing something .
the act of damaging something , causing breakage
put in a particular place or abstract location
the act of perceiving a scent
the act of providing assistance , giving aid
lessen in force , impact , or effect
cover with wooden boards ; secure
the act of explaining or defending something
a lid or top of a container
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
The act of dividing or disconnecting .
decide upon or fix definitely / specify
provide a seat or base for
the act of explaining or defending something
an observer of a process or activity
make keen ; give ( new ) life or energy to
How about some testimonies from real health experts ?
" Then the captain was gone .
The problem is simpler than that .
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS .
So , I am dropping , for now , asking you the question : " Where ' s the Marx " ?
go figure You 're asking me to prove a negative ?
I am OK with MEDICAL use !
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation .
War in the middle east .
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian ?
Imagine a place that 's % white and % black .
There 's no chance of a fair trial .
Nirvana is very different than oblivion .
We in Britain think differently to Americans .
If you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight .
The whole earth combined produces enough food for billion people .
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time .
Hey , Blue-Eyes , How 's things in London ?
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white .
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman , he did .
My parents have told me it is bad for you .
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP .
I oppose the death penalty .
Well , whatever , you are now .
They produce nothing I can eat , wear , live in .
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns .
People exploited the laws .
Funny , I thought the same thing about some math .
I have years of " Neener Neener " rights I use lettuce too .
I don 't prefix or suffix everything with " you hate Jews . "
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome .
It still makes no sense .
More expensive homes .
Martin said , " Why are you following me ? "
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T. /
" Fairies don 't exist " - fine .
You wanna know what I find curious ?
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder ?
If you asked , conservatives , the numbers will be skewed to the right .
You didn 't mention PFA before that one post .
Ramblin ' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
from the year prior .
Still love this show .
their vast properties are protected by the govt .
Fundimental difference , please ?
How exactly is Germany being ' punished ' for the stupidity of WW ?
Z stalked him down , then shot him .
I 'm not outraged , I 'm disappointed .
We never got out of it in the first place !
Freedom of speech has consequences !
My parents have told me it is bad for you .
if you could kill one person to save four , would you ?
It 's not imposing morals .
It depends how you define extreme .
At least Mexico had a presence in California .
So YES , we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity .
Ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
And that 's why you 're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions ?
You have too much regulation , not too little .
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess ?
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon ?
You mean , you believe the word of the Mainstream Media ?
We are meant to explore .
Israel doesn 't give a * * * * , accept it .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Slutstamp ! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this .
And yet , the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence .
Can he really make mone from google ad sense .
They know that the video doesn 't show a gas chamber .
Warm , maybe record .
" Bright but scatterbrained " becomes " treat with drugs " .
What is your definition of " life " ?
Could be a lot of things .
No extortion , no bribery , no money involved He 's asking for money for his vote .
Dr. Neander 's revised version .
Should I just tell her how I feel ?
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon .
" Jane " wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it .
any woman that wants birth control can get it .
Is it legal to grow ?
pressing one does not " do " english .
What 's my opinion regarding the series ?
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Does he have supporters ?
but okay , ultimate sovereignty ?
that is not an answer .
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from to years .
But we can 't do it without help .
No healthy person needs gambling .
I said it wasn 't a person , in the legal sense .
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform ?
" Leprechauns don 't exist " - fine .
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis .
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA .
" Gorgons don 't exist " - fine .
Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby , all of it .
I have years of " Neener Neener " rights Usually I get pretty decent care .
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy ?
Commodity Expanded Value-Form , .
You are a Christian .
And the simple fact today ?
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
" Oh , you 're such a good person !
Fern I think stories like this are stupid .
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT HOURS .
Do you not understand what that string of words means ?
There is no freedom of religion .
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness .
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?
A man and a woman are different yes .
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification .
Facilitator : Show me the smart child .
religious fiction Isn 't that redundant and repetetive ?
Originally Posted by anabelle What 's wrong with that ?
Cracklin ' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions .
loose change started out as a work of fiction .
If it wasn 't a life , then it would not be able to be born .
GL , Terral That is absolutely amazing .
lets assume we have % white and % black .
Freedom of speech has consequences !
" Fairies don 't exist " - fine .
If so , state that is why they 're not true .
-Not- talking about it ' and ' -Not- doing anything .
" Being against nukes " does not mean " not wanting to use nukes " .
My niece is married to a black man .
The UK population is just over million .
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
I hope this is nothing .
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor .
So , you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote ?
What isn 't how what was sold ?
I know I 'd hate to be him .
there were no weapons .
It 's so stupid that it just has to be true .
Personal responsibility much ?
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
I guess I pulled it out of the census 's rear end in a top hat .
How is this slanted against Bush ? ?
If it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
I 've never accused him of over-milligraming , nothing .
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news .
My parents have told me it is bad for you .
His position is that it is the individual 's risk to assume .
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
Read More : You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion ?
I have no problem with those that have money !
Nixon , Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields ?
i don 't want a president who ' cares ' .
It doesn 't have to be braindead .
no missile evidence .
My teachers have told me it is bad for you .
My gosh , I 'm the one with the pregnancy ticker .
Then he is not omnipotent .
tin foil hat for the dog face , what size do u wear ?
Like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime .
If you leap up to make a hit , you 're getting a penalty .
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery .
Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said ?
Imagine a place with % men and % women .
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by . % / yr .
They have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
to repeat : They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy , however , wouldn 't .
It is mostly just the Dutch .
We 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
claims about trayvon 's character And when did I do that ?
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services ?
Why did that transaction take place .
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization .
Lacey - welcome back !
More factchecking : I don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
If you haven 't made any claims , then just say so .
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian .
the problem isn 't who has money .
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters ?
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .
If so , alot of cops should take presciption drugs .
Tell us what the charges were .
Those are partial psychopaths .
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
this is NOT a war deployment .
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones ?
Alright just got in .
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly .
That 's not the Moloch scene , though .
@ Lustig Andrei , So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible ?
You need to make up your mind .
The one that has walks home afterwards and goes to sleep .
- Admin DrPizza and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
The argument was " Albert Einstein didn 't go to college " .
Capital gains , top rate : percent .
Bienging is unaccptable .
He hasn 't been funny in years .
If the universe has an explanation of its existence , that explanation is God .
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
It wouldn 't stop joke marriages .
If they were Jews , I would call them Jews .
She was a great lady .
He 's not wealthy because he 's successful .
Not as irritated as you .
It 's a common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now .
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce .
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know .
I didn 't say we had gotten soft since / Rand .
We all believe that we are getting what we expect .
Despicable Ben , Stop trying to find excuses for the man .
Unless it 's different in different countries ?
The new study does not support your claim .
He said at EVERY level .
morals do not exist , so technically nothing can be morally wrong .
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch .
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Let 's let this play out in court .
Being in a gang isnt a crime .
I 'd offer Iran a deal .
Yes , they are both different .
It 's not imposing morals .
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
PURE COMMUNISM : You have two cows .
You should put scientists on a pedestal .
What are they trying to hide ?
That would make you partially responsible for their death .
" Would you like to pay for others health care ? "
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
I don 't see Obama as the lesser of two evils .
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
The point is an unarmed child was murdered .
Zimmerman replied , " What are you doing here ? "
Irreligion that does that I have a problem .
If I 'm angry , it will show up in one of those scans ..
If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock , who cares ?
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico 's current prosperity level .
If you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight .
Sometimes I fantasize about having power .
My parents have told me it is bad for you .
Atlas Shrugged It 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .
How would Martin not know that that was not the case ?
Regulation get the government into everything .
It 's a common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
Yes , I 've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument .
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .
It 's just a bunch of cells .
Mann 's work was all about math .
I 'm so sorry to hear this Kelly .
I don 't like flavored beers .
I hope everything is ok !
any woman that wants birth control can get it .
S As you wish : Do you see Hitler killing Jews ?
And I 'm your friend Mitt .
It means its AN option .
I think you need to reread what I wrote .
lets assume we have % white and % black .
Mom busted in and said , " What 's that noise ? "
My best , Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn 't use the VA or Navy doctor 's .
Holder filed a three-page letter .
@ Lustig Andrei , Lustig , agreed .
This eclipses the old record of set in .
Zimmerman replied , " What are you doing here ? "
I don 't know how legitimate this is , but I heard he 's kind of suicidal .
council tax Hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
Your schtick is getting stale .
Is that how it works ?
Breathe In , Breathe Out , Move On .
wait until they become more consistent and closer together .
Obama is extreme and leftwing .
@ Frank Apisa , What you want to call it is up to you .
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws .
What conviction where you talking about before ?
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out .
The government does not determine if you are married or not .
Democracy is a threat to liberty .
Hi Pro and Corn : How many threads do you plan on making ?
Tell me exactly which system isn 't working right now ?
Oh , and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right .
Why are Russians in Damascus ?
Yes , it 's about dilution .
Yeah , I don 't think this is that controversial either .
Operation Chaos is merely people voting .
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful .
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
to repeat : They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother .
There is no war in the Middle east .
He had no intention of apprehending him .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
You 're " a bunch of cells . "
What is a girl douche ?
Jury nullification means a law isn 't Constitutional ?
It 's definitely NOT what it used to be .
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe .
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs .
" Cyclopes don 't exist " - fine .
" In it was a mental illness , now what are they teaching you ? "
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him .
. Sinful people do not get to heaven .
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school ?
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
What was the " answer " in Chicago ?
The entire thing just makes no sense .
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
Therefore , the explanation of the existence of the universe is God .
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics .
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
Use of force in defense of person.-A
That 's what the data available shows .
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch .
Ive watched kids play .
David @ OmSigDAVID , I think Santorum 's more likely than Gingrich .
They 're looking at each other !
Are you driving one ?
Religion that does that I have a problem with .
I think he 'd be better for American business interests overall .
not a constitutional issue .
YOU FOOLS .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
" What does pressing the number one do ? "
What conviction would that be ?
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
For the trillionth time , I 've never said rehabilitation doesn 't work .
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this ?
Red October standing by .
That 's just not how legal briefs are written .
No , none of those factors account for the recent warming .
Stone notified Captain Lord .
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic , not dia chronic .
Are you driving one ?
And that is happening in GOP controlled states .
in Foxe basin was frozen .
@ Frank Apisa , Frank , I observe and perceive .
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term , that 's fine .
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Higher than per cent but not very high .
What isn 't how what was sold ?
God definately does not exist .
Breathe In , Breathe Out , Move On .
It is an excellent indicator of climate change .
The great thing about living here is there 's space .
Ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
I don 't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited .
The question needs to be asked .
You purport to value life very heavily .
The Infestation posts .
i don 't want a president who ' cares ' .
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not ?
For the trillionth time , I 've never said rehabilitation doesn 't work .
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall ?
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself .
So answer the question .
Haiti is a shithole .
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters .
The Face Of The Franchise : The worst part is that he 's not even a Leafs fan !
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office .
Jake with the assist .
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not ?
The people had awakened .
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says .
Umm , that pretty clearly states , " the statute is presumed constitutional . "
Florida The ignorance is yours !
I 'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon .
How do you know what 's right and wrong ?
Ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said .
It is all Bush 's fault .
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews .
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot .
Yet you didn 't have to declare it .
Proverbs John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth .
James : says faith without works is dead .
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico 's current prosperity level .
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You 've said that multiple times now .
You might not like Obamas views , but he has them .
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters ?
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives .
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence !
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid .
fix ? : Islam itself is not political .
March is also the date for the uprising in CHINA .
I hope everything is OK !
Do you understand why it 's absurd to limit the question to US residents ?
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past .
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment .
Do you further agree that I have made no claim ?
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car .
There is no " WAR " in the middle east .
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion .
Capital gains , top rate : percent .
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
No , I show you are willfully ignorant .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the problem isn 't who has money .
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money .
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur 'an .
Your confusion doesn 't make me a liar .
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion .
Some believe the ' right ' is most important .
Evolution is not an opinion , not a belief .
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman 's body .
Where in the world is Ron Paul ?
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon .
The point you quote should say " I never said rehabilitation could never work . "
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico 's current prosperity level .
my hair is pretty thing tho : / Quote : Ditto .
It wouldn 't stop joke marriages .
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions .
Why did that transaction take place .
It 's about the baggage attached .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the problem isn 't who has money .
What makes you think the owl didn 't participate ?
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in 's !
Originally Posted by jacko !
Thanks Candy for starting the thread .
Except that it wasn 't .
If I owe you , dollars , I have a problem .
If evidence is not provided to support a position ; then it should be rejected .
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico .
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him .
LOL Don 't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US ?
We both thought the movie was good and we didn 't find it confusing in any way .
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution .
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry !
This is not your country .
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference .
Cone threw an game .
Edited by LashL : Edited to properly mask profanity .
The jury is not told about juror nullification .
runs victim down Got any proof ?
you don 't use the search button much , do you ?
I don 't think Paul has a shot .
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
What if they messed up a study ?
Specifically a Baptist .
And a large part of the east coast .
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes ?
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong .
. What is your definition of " life force " ?
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents .
The ideology was built around violent expansion , so yes - VIOLENT expansion .
Could this have been an enema ?
my final word : ignoring has the effect of normalizing .
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens ' safety .
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce .
the treaty was first signed in 1990 .
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison .
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison .
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour .
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago .
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover .
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty ( cfe ) .
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders .
the center will be operational in august 2008 .
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers .
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days .
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran 's state gas firm .
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia 's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia .
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
the drug is also known as ice or shabu .
national , regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups .
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty .
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia 's application of european arms control treaty .
myanmar was formerly known as burma .
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima .
nato regrets russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child soldiers .
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency .
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract .
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space .
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph .
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east .
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
the deal has been in process for several years .
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy .
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
no other drug has become as integral in decades .
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran 's nuclear program and activities .
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area .
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester .
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency .
helmand province is the world 's largest opium-producing region .
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan .
2 of the individuals arrested were released .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking .
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) .
the osce meeting lasted two days .
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace .
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria .
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington .
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
john duncan is great britain 's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament .
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union .
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan .
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race .
kadhafi warns that us and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming .
russia ratified the amended treaty .
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks .
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir .
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil .
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan .
abuja is the capital of
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program .
tirana is the capital of
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers , arrest 2 , and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine .
iran 's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes .
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .
china is north korea 's closest ally .
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security .
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers .
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity .
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .
zabol is a town in southeastern iran .
detainees to be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police .
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal .
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 .
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league ( adl ) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
france provides the rockets , guns and engines .
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking .
bae systems is the uk 's largest defense company .
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue .
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze .
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan .
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country .
president dmitry medvedev 's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies .
turkmenistan borders afghanistan .
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program .
amnesty international is a rights group based in london .
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports .
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful .
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel .
paris is the capital of france .
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity .
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection .
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue .
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia .
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans 's space industry .
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt .
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin .
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( about 13.9 billion us dollars ) .
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin .
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project .
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public .
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms .
the cfe is very important for european security .
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region .
the matter is delicate .
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe .
the u.s. , other western nations and nato condemned the violence .
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons .
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism .
myanmar 's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas .
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants .
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption .
vietnam has among the world 's harshest drug laws .
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment-related , reprocessing or heavy water-related activities .
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos , cambodia , australia , china , the united states and taiwan .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar .
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty .
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building , transparency and cooperation between member states .
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons .
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake .
the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime .
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .
the meetings lasted 2 days .
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking .
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran .
hong kong universities collaborate with universities , businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer .
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections .
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006 .
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying .
it is a serious threat to international security .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s .
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc . , said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990 .
many of the attacks originated abroad .
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects .
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction .
russia already participates in the european space agency 's
myanmar is a military state .
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison .
amnesty international 's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld , which opposes armed violence .
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only .
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .
the international community should modernize and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations .
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar .
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms ( 22 pounds ) of heroin .
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment .
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) .
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts .
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india 's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft .
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law .
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
united states officials do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapons program has progressed .
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded .
defense chiefs from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center .
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan 's government last week .
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment .
zahedan is a city in southeastern
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures .
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships .
brazil 's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking .
variants of the advanced light helicopter ( alh ) contain rocket launchers from belgium ; rockets , guns and engines from france ; brake systems from italy ; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain ; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies .
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases .
the iaea report is restricted .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990 .
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day .
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government .
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences .
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers .
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china .
myanmar is the world 's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade .
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon .
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes .
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility .
vietnam has among the world 's strictest drug laws .
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective .
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty .
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty .
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce 's mission in kosovo .
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old .
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue .
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years .
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community .
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions .
sharia is islamic law .
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore , and officials stated the militants ' network extends into indonesia .
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program .
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems .
naeem m. was hanged in zabol , sistan-baluchestan province .
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states .
it will be hosted by the australian government .
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain , china , france , russia and the united states .
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility .
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy 's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government .
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency 's program .
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program .
china 's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba .
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama .
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment .
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi 's assets .
the chinese government has strengthened china 's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years .
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia 's security interests .
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran .
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea .
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia .
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international .
china 's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on " dual-use " nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive .
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military .
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries ' political systems .
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring , verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government 's development fund .
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained .
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world 's biggest producers of opium .
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail .
the meeting was 3 days long .
the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation .
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council .
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons .
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore .
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia .
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty .
china is a member of the ballistic missile club .
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version .
this is particularly true in the poorest countries .
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking .
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security .
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya .
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union .
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people , documents , sites .
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image .
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder .
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces .
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs .
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .
korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory .
lugar and nunn are senators .
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic .
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato .
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence .
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership .
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists , black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them .
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures .
there is much concern over the drug .
the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh , components or military technology to myanmar .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug trafficking , repeated sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform .
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council .
shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999 .
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnappings and the funding of terrorism .
3 suspected extremists were released on bail .
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking .
this further aggravated the situation .
Mall attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers ' deaths
Weak earnings drag stocks lower
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people
Weiner stays in NYC mayor 's race amid new sexting scandal
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash
Indian media : Commonwealth summit
Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq
7 detained for ' house sister ' scandal
Syria military police chief defects to opposition
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire ; stock takes a beating
Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria
Swiss tourist ' gang-raped ' in India
Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank , Jerusalem
Israel planes strike inside Syria
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan
Afghans flock to colleges , even as Taliban loom
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Apple revenue misses again , iPhone disappoints
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer
Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years
Generations divided over gay marriage
23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast
Shinzo Abe Selected as Japan ’ s Prime Minister
Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital
2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leader ’ s execution
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
Mali due to vote for president
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic
Boeing airliner crashes in Russia , 50 killed
EU ministers ' determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal
De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor , succeeding Bloomberg
Thai opposition party to boycott general election
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540 : army
Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia
Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital , power crisis continues in Seemandhra
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens
China to resume US investment talks
California wildfire : 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage ( + video )
George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate
Mandela hospitalized , responding to treatment
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast
Thai protesters break into army headquarters
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis
Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast , five dead , 700,000 lose power
Egypt 's main opposition rejects president 's call for dialogue
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
'Around 100 dead or injured ' after China earthquake
Housing starts up 6.8 % in May
2 French Journalists Killed in Mali
& gt ; Cuba 's Castro assumes CELAC presidency
Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand
Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Daily Press Briefing : South Sudan
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings
Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
Shots , Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok
Israeli military focuses on northern border
North Korea blocks Kaesong access
AU leaders meet for Africa Day
Today in History , April 23
Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal
Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas , released with warning
Iran 's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
China stocks close higher after economic meeting
Russia unveils $ 30 billion oil link to Pacific
Police kill gunman , find 3 more dead in Colo. home
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion
7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan : CENC
UK alert on Syrian chemical arms
China stocks close lower on Friday
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites
Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics
Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast
2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons ?
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results
Israelis , Palestinians convene over prisoner swap
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests
CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes
S.Korea proposes ' final ' N.Korea talks over Kaesong
India gang-rape victim " struggling against the odds "
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 Pakistani
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq
Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans
Chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape
2 dead , 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting
Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
32 die in Bangladesh protest
Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case
Hrithik Roshan , wife Sussanne part ways
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq
In shock move , Obama puts Syria strike on hold
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
X 'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus
Murder claim over Diana 's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered
Snowden asks to stay in Russia
Chinese shares close lower Wednesday
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan
Thai police use tear gas against protesters
Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case
Egyptian court considers Mubarak ’ s release
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Pictures of the day : 7 August 2013
Palestinians ' hit ' by Israeli fire in Gaza
Where 's Rusty ? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse
7 killed , 3 injured in south China road accident
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
50th anniversary of JFK 's death remembered
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News
Tech Sector Heats Up : Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son
Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses
Profiles of Kenya 's presidential candidates
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
Philadelphia building collapses , 8-10 people may be trapped
Obama meets with Mandela family
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus
'Friends of Syria ' in Doha talks on arming rebels
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes .
Egypt 's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar , throw stones
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul
Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system , scientists say
Two men charged with terrorism offences
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag
Up to 21 , mostly foreigners , killed in Kabul suicide attack
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
Pakistan court demands ' blasphemy ' rampage answers
Intel 's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based , Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $ 389M In Cash
4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S
Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes
Alleged cop killer died from shot to head
2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya 's Benghazi , no casualties
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case
Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield ' roadmap'
35 militants killed in Afghan raids : official
North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
Thai protesters obstruct vote ; 1 dead in violence
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
North Korea 's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
North Korea conducts third nuclear test
Indian stocks open flat
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $ 38 bn in 2012
Israelis , Palestinians resume talks in US
The Note 's Must-Reads for Monday , November 25 , 2013
Nelson Mandela memorial service
NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing
Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse
Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport
Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case
Security tightens for Thatcher funeral
South Korea Says North Fired Missiles
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
US warns Syria on chemical weapons
37 killed in bus crash in Italy
U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef
38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition
Google invests $ 200 million in Texas wind farm
Egypt votes in new constitution
Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91
China strives to avoid economic traps
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Sri Lanka 's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
Delhi Gang Rape Suspect ' Beaten , Poisoned'
Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium
France pledges military aid in Mali
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Reid cites ' tremendous progress ' in debt ceiling talks
Calls for more Egypt protests
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
One dead , 11 hurt in LA car chaos
Chairman of easyJet to step down
Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal : aide
Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council
US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured
Committee nears final big immigration decisions
US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims
Messi nets 300th , 301st goals in Barcelona win
Five dead , 40 missing in Canada train disaster
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead
Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid
Stocks soar on Wall St lead
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow
17 killed , 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets
Royal sorrow over nurse 's death
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
US government ' on the edge of shutdown'
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration
Jeff Bezos Bets $ 250 Million on Reviving Washington Post
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea 's elite
South Africans mark ailing Mandela 's 95th birthday
Obama declares health care law is working
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding
Thousands protest gay marriage
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday , December 6 , 2013
Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries
Amazon 's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $ 250 million
Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS
Search after man swept into sea
Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak
Meteorite hits central Russia , more than 500 people hurt
North Korea Nuclear Test Sparks Worry
Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
'Credibility on the line over Syria'
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
123 killed in fighting in northern Syria
Egypt interior minister survives bomb
China 's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday
Obama holds talks over Syria action
Egypt ' freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
Zen Report : Ain 't easy being high maintenance
Critics say Putin ’ s security restrictions violate rights
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis
Egypt braces for more protests , prays for calm
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv
Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place , Marina Bay
Stocks rise in early trading
Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia 's south
41 killed , 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540 : army
Kerry to visit Jordan , Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts ' vile ' West
Nelson Mandela 's real hero was not Gandhi , but Nehru
Facing Bailout Tax , Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks
Obama signs up for Obamacare
Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah
Andy Murray deserves knighthood , David Cameron says
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14
US State Department faulted over Benghazi
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October
Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party
Syria must destroy chemical weapons
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack
Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai , Kill 6
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data
Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests
Iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
Students take a ride on airwaves
Pistorius officer dropped from case
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new
Stocks close 0.39 % higher
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria
Gunmen kill one soldier , injure two others in Pakistan
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Destruction of Syria 's chemical weapons begins
Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city
UN says US drones violate Pakistan 's sovereignty
Obama Praises Mandela ' Inspiration'
Obama coming ' to listen ' to Israel , Palestinians
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30
Syria ' to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
South Africa Admits Mistake Over ' Schizophrenic ' Mandela Signer
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan 's Darfur
NATO : Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
NATO : 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
French forces attack al-Qaeda 's Mali allies
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
Afghan legislators approve new election law
Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
Malaysia 's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
Hagel laments " political " changes to US defence budget
U.S. bans carry-on liquids , gels on flights to Russia
Egypt 's Brotherhood stands ground after killings
Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election
Nato troops kill two Afghan children
Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
Floods kill two , forces 75,000 from Calgary homes
4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote
Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan
Hospital : 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot
Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt
N Korea postpones family reunions
Francis begins papacy with prayer
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
Egypt 's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
China 's new stealth frigate commissioned
Iraq violence kills 11
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Syria rejects US , UK chemical arms claims
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt 's Sinai -sources
Syria welcomes Iran 's nuclear deal
Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan
Iran says it captures drone ; U.S. denies losing one
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide
Obama jokes about himself at reporters ' dinner
Allen responds to Farrow 's abuse claims in letter
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya 's al-Kweifiya prison
What is the nuclear option ?
Forex & amp ; Gold 6 March 2013
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons
Snowden 's father arrives in Moscow
No radiation leak at Iran 's nuclear plant
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike
Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40
Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash
Facebook earnings jump 63 % as mobile ads accelerate
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government
News summary for March 11
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge
Rogers , Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
China stocks end lower Thursday
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election
Indonesia : Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption
Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld
Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within ¿ three months ¿
Deal reached on new Italian government
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
Singapore stocks close 0.4 % higher
Maldives holds fresh election for president
Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S .
What the Papers Say , Mar. 12 , 2013
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
Piers Morgan questioned by police
Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked , five accused arrested
'Israeli ' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy
Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson
Egypt 's interim president appoints 2 advisors
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius ' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
UK confirms fears over Syria 's chemical weapons
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
Two firefighters killed in New York ambush
Egypt swears in new interim leader
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan
Ten rescued off Waterford , Dublin coasts
2 Pussy Riot Members Reunited in Krasnoyarsk
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge
Stocks close 0.39 % higher
US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
Russia ' alone ' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack : US
Philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
Israel launches airstrike in Gaza
Floods leave six dead in Philippines
Mars rover collects first bedrock sample
Imran to contest from four NA seats
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North
Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash
Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
French train derails south of Paris
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies
Egypt votes on new constitution
Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital
Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade
Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month
Israel 's Peres urges return to peace talks
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1 : 15 p.m. EDT
Indian stocks open lower
US readies possible solo action against Syria
Brief clashes with police in Belfast
New World Trade Centre tallest building in US
US authorities charge man in ricin probe
China quake : Death toll rises
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant
RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals
Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies
China ’ s new carrier extends military modernization drive
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast
New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact : Report
Four dead in Indonesia train accident
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
Miss New York wins Miss America crown
Websites battle nasty comments , anonymity
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
US set for Obama inauguration
Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
Thousands protest gay marriage
India Ink : Image of the Day : January 27
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
China 's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens
12 killed , 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers
Egypt protesters ' to be dispersed'
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections
Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area
South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station
Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee
Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
Biden calls for trust in US-China relations
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
Kerry : $ 4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting
Libya threatens army action against oil protesters
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
[ Ticker ] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon
Two U.S. soldiers killed in " insider " attack in Afghanistan
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized
Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
North , South Korea agree to talks
Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan
Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter , financier
Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday
Bombs kill two people , wound dozens at Boston Marathon
Syria ’ s chemical weapons could end up at sea
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
Three freed in centre abuse probe
Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall , two people injured
Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash
Three dead , including gunman , in Maryland mall shooting
UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack
7 killed in monster truck crash
4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast
Cannes thief ' steals $ 53m of jewels ' in armed heist at hotel
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan
Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu , Japan : CENC
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner
Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber
Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery
10 dead , five injured in SW China road accident
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
Women to face higher car insurance premiums
Tornadoes rip through Midwest , killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods
China gives US regulators access to audit records
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
Iran , atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election
China 's new PM rejects US hacking claims
US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan , 4 Wounded
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges
Pictures of the day : 7 August 2013
Chinese general 's son gets 10 years jail for rape
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
Afghan legislators approve new election law
In Pakistan , army adamant on fighting the other Taliban
Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried
Witnesses hear ' loud booms ' at Boston Marathon
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter
Israeli Minister Slams Kerry 's Boycott Warning
Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result
Angelina Jolie 's aunt dies of breast cancer
Myanmar ’ s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
White House , defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four
Former Zambian president arrested
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed 's next chair
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
17 killed , 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies
Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
US Cannot ' Conclusively Determine ' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head
French forces take key Mali town
Nicaragua , Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
'Large and extremely dangerous ' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov 't
5 killed , 50 injured in Pakistan blast
Pakistan 's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery
Internet , phone service restored in Syrian capital
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
Residents return to Texas blast site
South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela
Iran 's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Sniper waiting for result of appeal
US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe
occupied Palestinian territory : Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint
Owners , others charged in Bangladesh factory fire
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
Palestinians , Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks
Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election
Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin
KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Hollande ' threatens legal action ' after affair allegations
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp
'Blade Runner ' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution
David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests
Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo
Four killed , scores wounded in clashes across Egypt
Helicopter crashes near rail station in London
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Japanese planes flew into China 's new defense zone
Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores
Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria
Five dead , 40 missing in Canada train disaster
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Russia Destroys Over 75 % of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
Iran earthquake death toll rises
Suarez set for Cup comeback
Maldives team in India to observe an election
Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner
Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Building collapses in India ; 25 feared trapped
China detains city workers after fruit seller dies
Somalia 's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan ' insider attack'
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
Three dead in US marathon bomb
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks
Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer 's custom-made wheelchair
Three die after car crash at Tian 'anmen
Singapore shares open lower on Friday
Obama pledges to reignite economy
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March : report
Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China , 11 Dead
'Whitey ' Bulger given two consecutive life terms
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
Algeria hostage crisis ends ; death toll unclear
Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests
South Africa 's Mandela taken to hospital
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
A cat standing on tree branches .
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair .
A large boat in the water at the marina .
a bus driving in a street .
The lamb is looking at the camera .
A passenger train waiting in a station .
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook .
An Apple computer sitting on the floor .
A close-up of a brown horse 's head .
A group of people eat at a table outside .
The curious boys look in the shed .
A jockey riding a horse .
A bull standing in the field .
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road .
A woman riding a brown horse .
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate .
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike .
A moped in front of steps of ruins .
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap .
A group of four people in a dinner having cake .
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers .
Close up of a bottle of water .
A close up of a brown faced cat .
sheep standing in afield .
A group of people eat at a table outside .
A longed-haired cat with it 's eyes closed .
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face .
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station .
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television .
Two cats are looking at a window .
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse .
A dark brown horse standing in a field .
A pitched tent with a horse in the background .
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background .
The cows feed in the trough .
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree .
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment .
A brown horse stands in a lush green field .
a black and white cow in hay .
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet .
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road .
A bag of cotton in front of a couch .
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field .
Three young women standing in a room together .
Red double decker bus driving through the streets .
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera .
A group of sheep in a field .
A close-up , distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle .
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on .
A man sitting in a cluttered room .
Two white cows in a green pasture .
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house .
Black cow walking under trees in pasture .
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background .
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .
Red double decker bus driving down a street .
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman .
A bird holding on to a metal gate .
The skinny cows are standing on the grass .
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa .
a woman with a big necklace .
Brown cow with horns standing in a field .
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline .
Black and white cat lying under bush .
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road .
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass .
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera .
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end .
The lamb is looking at the camera .
A red double decker bus on a crowded street .
A jockey riding a horse in a pen .
Two men on boat floating on the water .
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car .
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .
A black and white photo of an old train station .
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric .
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches .
A woman holding a small baby .
Group of horses grazing in grassy field .
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it .
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field .
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her .
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .
Two Eagles perched on a branch .
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter .
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room .
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera .
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk .
Five birds stand on the snow .
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building .
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains .
A passenger train in the snow .
The black bird is sitting on the ground .
The black and white bull is looking at the camera .
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign .
A young girl riding a white and grey horse .
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep .
A living room with a dining table in the background .
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun .
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti .
The seagull is floating on the water .
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field .
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch .
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up .
A black train moves down the tracks .
Five cows are grazing beside the road .
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake .
Black and white cows behind a fence .
A passenger train waiting in a station .
A white animal running through snow covered woods .
A bicycle is parked by a shop .
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky .
A black , flat screen television placed on the floor .
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room .
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow .
Black train on train tracks .
Black train on train tracks .
Young couple sitting on a black couch .
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped .
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman .
The bald eagle is perched on a rope .
A couple posing for a picture on a couch .
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink .
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .
Red double decker bus .
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree .
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair .
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera .
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera .
A black and white photo of an empty train station .
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field .
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom .
a dog napping under a small table .
Red and white bus driving down road .
A boat with four sails is sailing on water .
Red sports car racing down track .
A smiling woman holding a small baby .
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab .
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes .
Red double decker bus on side of street .
A group of river barges with trees in the background .
The seagull is floating on the water .
A motorcycle parked next to a car .
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera .
Gray cat looking out the window .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
A potted plant in sunlight from a window .
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks .
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore .
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .
Two airplanes in the sky .
A coal train traveling down the tracks .
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room .
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station .
A large jet on the ground at the airport .
A cat looking at the camera .
World news headlines displayed on a large screen .
Two women posing with a baby .
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony .
A grey cat lying on a wooden table .
People sitting on the porch .
Two horses standing in a pen .
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar .
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks .
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .
A lamb stands near two tiny animals .
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap .
a close up head of an ostrich .
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors .
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field .
Green and white bird perched on tree branch .
Sail boat sailing on the water .
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day .
A man in a top hat rides a white horse .
A black and white photo of an old train station .
A bicycle in front of some ruins .
a woman with a viking hat on .
Parked white double decker bus .
Red double decker bus on side of street .
A woman riding a brown horse .
A field of black faced sheep .
Two birds are perched on a metal band .
A bus drives down a busy road .
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen .
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table .
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass .
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate .
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky .
Two men standing in grass staring at a car .
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up .
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room .
Train going down the tracks .
A young woman dressed in black .
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water .
Group of people sitting at table with drinks .
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people .
A plane flying at a distance .
A group of river barges with trees in the background .
A living room with a dining table in the background .
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa .
A passenger train coming into a station .
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background .
A moped in front of ruins .
People ride mopeds in an urban setting .
A black train moves down the tracks .
A white jeep parked in front of a store .
Two women standing in front of tour bus .
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle .
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed .
A man rides a large black motorbike .
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
Plane in mid-flight at sunset .
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle .
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them .
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage .
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door .
Couple sailing in a small sailboat .
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car .
Red double decker bus .
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background .
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck .
Man standing in front of silver train .
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out .
A black and white horned cow standing in a field .
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter .
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate .
A man riding a white horse in an arena .
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass .
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch .
A train sitting on the tracks near a field .
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera .
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner .
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse .
Two red buses driving in front of a garden .
Cows grazing in a snow covered field .
A man riding a white horse .
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree .
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background .
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain .
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse .
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another .
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees .
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase .
A dog is wearing a gray jacket .
A sheep stands on a hillside .
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight .
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans .
A girl riding a brown horse .
Man standing in front of yellow corvette .
Three men posing in a tent .
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky .
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top .
The small dog protects its owner .
Children looking a sheep .
A white cat standing on a carpet .
A flat screen TV on the floor .
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes .
Two brown horses standing in grassy field .
Two sheep stand in a doorway .
A train is at a train station .
Room with several computer monitors .
A line outside of a bookstore on a street .
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge .
A passenger jet sits on a runway .
a little girl is laughing at the camera .
Old green bottle sitting on a table .
Three young women standing in a room together .
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat .
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .
Two white horses staring over a fence .
Living room or den with large screen television .
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate .
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field .
Two women sitting in lawn chairs .
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road .
a black and white photo of a cat lying down .
A man and woman stand , smiling for camera .
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .
A white cat standing on a carpet .
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk .
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake .
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow .
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans .
A red train driving through a snow covered city .
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan .
The black bird is sitting on the ground .
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV .
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway .
The headlights on a blue car .
A cat sleeps on purple sheet .
A passenger train coming into a station .
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city .
A red and white bus drives down an England street .
An airplane facing the camera .
A woman riding a brown horse .
a jockey riding a horse .
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals .
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table .
A train is running on the tracks .
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape .
Someone standing on a snowy mountain , watching a plane .
The birds are swimming in the water .
A bird is flapping its wings in the water .
A black dog looking at the camera .
A cruise liner docked at a port .
A red double decker bus on a crowded street .
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area .
A black and white cat playing with a blanket .
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline .
A cat reclines on an office chair .
A group of horses grazing in a field .
A group of people having a drink .
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead .
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky .
The train sits at the train station .
A train sitting on the tracks near a field .
Red double decker bus taking on passengers .
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps .
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object .
A race horse galloping without a rider .
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera .
A group of horses grazing in a field .
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola .
A small bird perched on an icy branch .
Several people on motorcycles in a market square .
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle .
Boy with glasses typing on a computer .
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis .
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame .
A living room with table , chair and sofa alongside a large palm .
A smiling woman holding a small baby .
An Esso gas station with trees in the background .
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats .
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background .
Three bottles are on a table .
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other .
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees .
A train is at a train station .
Two white dogs are swimming in the water .
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water .
Two birds flying towards water feeder .
Two cows standing in a large field .
Beer bottles ( -LRB- Harp Lager ) -RRB- lined up on the floor .
Two women sitting outside laughing .
A group of sheep grazing on a hill .
A man stands in front of a train .
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera .
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .
A double decker red United bus on a city street .
Two women sitting on brown couch .
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .
The bird is sitting on the branch .
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant .
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky .
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera .
A guy on a white horse .
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond .
There are several sheared sheep in a pen .
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow .
The black dog is lying in the grass .
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork .
Large white cruise ship floating on water .
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door , with one person pointing at the other .
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle .
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach .
Ten sheep looking at the camera .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A black table with white fuzzy chair .
Red double decker bus taking on passengers .
Sail boat sailing on the water .
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person .
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes .
A girl riding on a brown and white horse .
A mostly black train on a track .
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon .
Two bald eagles perched on a branch .
A backpack standing beside a train .
A group of people in a living room .
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water .
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door .
A girl with a red bag standing on the street .
A girl in a riding hat on a horse .
A horse rider is riding a white horse .
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick .
The bird is sitting on the branch .
A long train is on train tracks .
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep .
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall .
A very retro living room with a television in it .
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac .
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high .
A girl in a riding hat on a horse .
Two people sailing a small white sail boat .
A white airplane is parked on the cement .
A group of peoples posing in fur hats .
Three cows grazing in a field .
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street .
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop .
Black domestic cat lying on brown table .
A dining table with candles , wine , and a teapot .
Four children looking at barn animals .
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket .
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water .
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car .
Red double decker bus taking on passengers .
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick .
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table .
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs .
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera .
A multi-colored train on a track .
A white and red bus traveling on the street .
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down .
Small boat going down a creek .
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .
Two goats standing in a field by a tree .
A man sitting cross legged on the grass , with a tree in the background .
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window , sofa , and chair .
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter .
A large black bird is sitting in the water .
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick .
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area .
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle .
A sheep standing on a table at auction .
A close-up of a black train engine .
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair .
a train rides on his tracks .
Two men on boat floating on the water .
Black and white cow standing in grassy field .
A double decker red United bus on a city street .
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window .
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting .
A man riding a small bicycle .
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog .
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table .
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike .
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor .
A black train moves down the tracks .
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle .
A young girl riding a brown horse .
A black dog standing in a grassy area .
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object .
Two women posing with a baby .
A group of people sitting around a table containing food .
Train in a station .
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .
A blue bird standing on a lawn .
A red double decker bus on a city street .
Two trains inside a train station .
A woman equestrian riding a horse .
An empty office cubicle .
A man riding a white horse .
Train going down the tracks .
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa .
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant .
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles .
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind .
A white plane on the runway .
Two cows crossing a road intersection .
Several cows grazing on the median by the road .
A television , upholstered chair , and coffee stable in a bright room .
The white ducks are standing on the ground .
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .
Red double decker bus driving down street .
A group of people eat at a table outside .
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field .
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle .
Two women shopping at a clothing store .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
A close-up of a brown horse 's head .
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam .
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field .
A women standing next to a brown cow .
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window .
A dog peaks out the back of a truck .
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food .
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera .
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car .
A small white cat standing in a sink .
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle .
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .
Two men standing in grass staring at a car .
A computer on a desk .
A small child smiling at the camera .
A little bird floating in the water .
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow .
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship .
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork .
Old blue and white train on tracks .
Young baby girl sitting on table .
A green car parked at a saloon .
Yellow boat on a beach .
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table .
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table .
Train in a station .
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera .
Two ducks are standing by the water .
A black and white cow in a pen with hay .
Man playing guitar while sitting down .
A man and woman are posing for the camera .
Red double decker bus driving down a street .
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport .
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field .
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks .
A black and white horned cow standing in a field .
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure .
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
A black and white cow in a pen with hay .
A red , double-decker bus .
A yellow school bus parked in a field .
A close-up view of a horse 's head .
An elderly man works on his laptop at home .
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean .
A sheep standing in a mountainous area .
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen .
A white plane on the runway .
A tan puppy being petted .
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food .
Elegant dining room with wood furniture .
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa .
two motorbikes on a dirt track .
A man jumping his dirt bike .
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera .
A large pile of wooden items piled high .
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera .
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill .
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes .
A woman riding a brown horse .
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa .
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up .
A black and white horned cow standing in a field .
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest .
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard .
A double decker bus drives on a city street .
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill .
Boy feeding a sheep .
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk .
a close up of a small cactus in a pot .
The white sheep is standing on the green hill .
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large , half-empty Coke bottles .
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .
A wooden bicycle with an awning .
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence .
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop .
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow .
Two men wearing bike helmets .
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway .
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow .
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background .
A man playing a video game in a store .
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch .
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it .
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase .
Domestic cat looking out window .
Two cows graze in a field .
A man in a black uniform on a white horse .
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it .
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog .
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course .
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water .
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car .
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway .
Cars driving near a model building .
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk .
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down .
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring .
A white bird flying up onto a tree .
A black and white cat lying on a blanket .
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot .
A group of people sitting around a table containing food .
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby .
A black and white cat lying on a blanket .
A black and white photo of a love seat .
A living room with a dining table in the background .
A woman at the dining table with wine , beer , and lemons .
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel .
Red double decker bus with hood open .
A laptop computer and a computer monitor .
A man riding a white horse .
View of a living room with a dining room in the background .
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch .
A white cat laying on an office chair .
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach .
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building .
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone .
A subway train pulling into the station .
A bicycle is parked by a shop .
Two men standing on beach .
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground .
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field .
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet .
Red double decker bus driving through the streets .
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water .
A gray cat laying on a brown table .
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside .
A close-up of a brown horse .
Boy laying on couch with dog .
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .
A large jet on the ground at the airport .
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top .
Two women are sitting in a cafe .
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor .
An office with multiple desks and green walls .
A woman leading a white horse .
A small child smiling at the camera .
A woman riding a brown horse .
photo of a television screen showing a movie .
A bird perched on a flowerpot .
White cat sitting inside of a sink .
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse .
Two people are sailing a small boat .
A small bird on a tiny branch .
Two animals sitting on a rock .
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie .
A passenger train waiting at the city train station .
Two young women shear a sheep .
Left side of a silver train engine .
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse .
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera .
Little white lamb with nose to wood .
A black train moves down the tracks .
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls .
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area .
A young girl riding a white and grey horse .
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site .
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room .
A bird is flapping its wings in the water .
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera .
A black and white cat lying on a blanket .
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse .
A plane being readied for take-off .
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it .
Four people rowing down a river .
A dark brown horse standing in a field .
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .
A white bicycle stands on a floor .
A bird eating from a bird feeder .
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab .
Two men talking in front of a plane .
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field .
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet .
two cats , one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket .
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom .
The train sits at the train station .
A couple holds a baby .
A small bird eating from the feeder .
Close up of a white sheep with a black head .
Two brown horses standing in grassy field .
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
A red bird is perched in a tree .
Two buses parked on a street .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
Two animals sitting on a rock .
A train is on the railroad tracks .
Boy lying on couch with small white dog .
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed .
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background .
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks .
A small red car on top of a semi truck .
The man poses for a photo in front of the train .
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike .
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves .
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her .
A black and white cow looking through the fence .
A television in a messy room with several bookcases .
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area .
Two cows standing in a large field .
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence .
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car .
A grey house with a red door .
Two women in a clothing store .
A woman with a white horse .
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls .
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle .
Depressed woman sitting on couch .
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background .
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder .
Black and white cows grazing in a pen .
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass .
A man stands in front of a train .
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead .
A boat is on the water near a small plane .
A man riding a white horse in an arena .
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor .
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle .
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up .
sheep standing in afield .
Group of elderly people sitting around a table .
A black and white photo of a love seat .
Three women with brown hair are smiling .
A black and white photo of an empty train station .
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough .
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead .
Black bird standing on concrete .
A black and white cow looking through the fence .
Several people on motorcycles in a market square .
A close-up of a sheep in the grass .
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom .
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole .
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by .
Three cows grazing in a field .
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a " Going Places " bus .
A sheep beside a road and a lake .
Black and white cow standing in grassy field .
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand .
A group of people having a meal outside .
A baby holds a ketchup packet .
A close-up view of a horse 's head .
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window .
A train is at a train station .
A dark brown horse standing in a field .
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk .
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera .
The black bird is sitting on the ground .
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant .
Tan cows look closely at the camera .
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk .
Older woman holding newborn baby .
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree .
the activity of learning or being trained
thin metal strips used in typesetting
falcon : abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
the act of designating a role to someone
make pure or free from sin
leave undone or leave out
a social set or clique of friends
The upper part of a column .
sink to a lower level ; descend
create code or computer programs
release from confinement , obligation , or a burden
( Cause to ) sully the good name and reputation of .
a company that provides public service commodities
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point .
Distribute systematically or strategically ; initiate .
create something in the mind
( cause to ) become less clear or indistinct
exempt or free from a burden , duty , or requirement
a straight length of road or racetrack
( cause to ) emit a brief burst of light
stretch to the utmost , causing stress or injury
move in a group or flock
a temporary debarment , revoking of a privilege
An imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short .
clear mucus from one 's throat
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally
an address used for postal communication
An organization that sponsors a large public event
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
Try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully .
anything with the form of a thin strip
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
reach a destination or goal
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower .
Part , cease , or break association with ( something ) .
a cue given to someone for assistance
make more common , uniform or general
( cause to ) burst or open , usually with a sharp sound
Make ( undue ) claims of owning .
the political head of city government
to cause to become quiet
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner .
give up right or possession to another
come as a logical consequence , be inferred
the event of gradually vanishing from view
feel anxious , concerned , uneasy , or apprehensive about
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
create a mess or disorder
the state of being employed
a sculpture of a human or animal
( abstract ) characterize , commemorate , make special ( or respectful )
operating or traveling via a vehicle
( cause to ) fall or subside to a lower place , level , or value
the ability to recall things
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound , as if in a rage .
the noise of something rapping against a surface
Ask for and get something for free .
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
the act of surrendering an asset
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A relation of affinity or harmony between people .
save from an experience , action or harm
go around the rim of
take in ( mentally or physically )
separate ( as if ) by passing through a sieve
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
speed up the process of
Provide evidence for ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes ; embody .
a computer program that performs system support
the length of time of a temporary cessation
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
Make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable .
confine in or as if in a prison
make amorous or sexual advances toward
Put down by force , intimidation , or authority , as of a person ; correct by punishment or discipline .
break up a solid , usually into a solution
A movement ( physical or abstract ) back from an impact .
the act of putting something to use .
( cause to ) relax , be at ease , assume a friendly manner
a physical framework of crossing strips , often wooden
an itemized statement of money owed
positively-charged center part of an atom
An event that causes someone or something to die .
indicate a decision or prediction
state of being active , bustling about
cause to become awake or alert
Look through a book or some other written material ( for information ) .
the conclusion of a communication
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
assembled group of spectators at a performance
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
Leave to someone after one 's death .
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
compel , enforce , or insist on something
draw a cross in the air over something
give away something that is not needed
( Cause to ) become less interesting , attractive or vigorous .
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
endure or experience a painful event
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
the event of coming to a stop , ending something
return to a prior state
the United States , especially the North during the Civil War
( cause to ) become overloaded or overcharged
the act of substituting one thing for another
imagine ; form a mental picture of something
indicate a decision or prediction
carry a burden , real or metaphorical
An official task or undertaking , usually funded
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
stamp or emboss with a block
( medicine ) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease .
a flock of sheep or goats
a unit of atmospheric pressure
a winning shot in tennis against opponent 's serve
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
the act of taking an offer
hit or return before it touches the ground
a thrusting weapon , as a sword
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
Walk heavily and firmly ( like a cat ) as when weary or over soft terrain .
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
Release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition ( perhaps in a metaphorical sense )
reshow a play or broadcast
a figurative position in relation to other positions , as in arguments
state of being under control
a vehicle race on public roads
Amount that can be contained
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
move into and stay in a particular position
opening shot in billiards or pool
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
An established or recognized right , formal or informal .
fetching something from a source
communicate or make known by gestures , action , or signs
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
the act of spending , disbursing funds
recording tracks of music made on some medium
an inherent aptitude or talent
Make liberal or more liberal , become more liberal , usually in terms of laws or rules .
free from obligations , service or confinement
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
a cause or source of duress , worry
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
move ( as if ) by lowering
Process , or refine in a reverberating furnace
economic term : raise economic demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices to experience reflation
clean , cleanse , or able to be cleaned
Summon into action or bring into existence , often as if by magic ; ask for the aid or protection of .
the act of throwing a baseball
Break the skin ( of a body part ) by scraping ; impact something else .
Allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .
( attempt to ) convince to enroll , join or participate
give a specific interpretation to
Organize anew , as after a setback ; collect or compose oneself .
to catch in or as if in a trap ; immobilize
an exclusive , privileged group of people
come into conflict , meet in opposition
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .
cause someone 's attention , goals , thought to turn in another direction
The human act of making something new .
move or gather in a hive
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle
Provide or equip specifically with furniture .
Make or create something for a specific function .
lowest employee salary permitted by law
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
room where work or repairs are done
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting .
compress out of shape or into small pieces
a single tall stone , e.g. , obelisk or monument
( cause to ) gradually become weak
move or execute very quickly or hastily
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect .
( cause to ) be overlaid with something
carry as a backpack , go backpacking
( Cause to ) separate into constituents , weaken , or destroy specifically by soaking .
GRATE ON : gnaw into emotionally ; make resentful or angry .
glare or strike with intensity
rightful portion or stake of something
Be shiny ; be a physical or metaphorical source of light .
the rotating motion of an object
a romantic partner , girlfriend or boyfriend
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
exceed or surpass , go beyond , be greater than something
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
turn in to get something in exchange
the act of perceiving a scent
relative darkness of a color
express or transform in a new form or language
freshen , to make fresh ; refreshen
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
fall between two taxonomic groups
bubble over with a certain feeling
scoop up , as if with a ladle
The action of opposing some other social or military force .
Incline or bend ; changle configuration .
( cause to ) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
To move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away ( from something ) .
a specified portion of a whole
Join or attach ( as if ) with glue , possibly to cover the surface of an object .
move from one location to another
to make a great mental or physical effort
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
completely use up a resource
secure and protect a lifeform , maintain from injury or harm
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
Throw a glance at ; take a brief look at or examine hastily .
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron
interfere with someone else 's activity
assign to or arrange into categories
be eligible or suitable , meet requirements for / as
Treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to .
build , make by combining materials or parts
make colder , or icy , using ice
provide a seat or base for
Expose to air as to cool , freshen , or allow to escape .
the act of perpetrating a crime
support by placing on or against something solid
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
a pointed instrument for writing , stylus
partake or provide a banquet
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
remove substances from a liquid or solution
study intensively as if preparing for a test
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
bribe , make payments to in exchange for benefits
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise .
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
owned territory of a sovereign government
( Cause to ) change from a gas to a liquid .
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
Force to go away by blinking one eye .
the tactile ( touch ) quality something has
Manipulate or move something in order to operate .
drag loosely along a surface , trail
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously .
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded .
symbolize , serve as an example of
the activity of removing a resource
pass ( a thread ) through or into , on or as if on a string
changing one thing for another
lack of agreement , not harmonious
build , make by combining materials or parts
the act or capability of seeing
an assertion offered as evidence , a line of reasoning
stain with a dirty substance
Appoint , ordain to a clerical post
expect , predict , or forsee something in the future
state or explain the meaning
immerse briefly into liquid or container
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions .
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
cause to assume a condition
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
Raise to a higher energy level ( as in physics )
make certain the failure or destruction of ; destine
function in a particular manner when moving
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
a person who takes pictures , often a professional
Come into existence ; reveal its presence or make an apprearance .
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience
perform or supervise a ritual
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something .
the close approach of one object to another
act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes
cost or monetary value of goods or services
a functioning unit of a larger political organization , a cadre
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result ; have as a logical consequence .
regard with consideration or respect
the act of lifting something
Lie at an angle ; bend along a path .
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
The act of coming to rest after a voyage .
Put down by force or authority ; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority .
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
manage , handle , or control something
physical force that draws objects together
deal with according to routine or procedure
Enclose in a protective covering .
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually .
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
the act of allowing , bestowing something
Draw in and expel air through lungs .
starting page of a website
( Baseball ) Tag the base runner to get him out .
( cause to ) move abruptly , often making a short , sharp sound
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
a conveyance or transporter , often wheeled
365 days from January 1 to December 31 , the Gregorian calendar
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny .
a vote , a public and legal choosing of officials
approach a certain measurement , whether of age , speed , temperature , etc .
to fill with coal or oil
assign to a particular task
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
make coincide in time or operation
confine in or as if in a prison
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
a social system of production , distribution and consumption
keep something intact , maintain unchanged condition
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
have a great affection , liking , or desire for
keep something or someone under control ; stop something from happening
Find out or determine , perhaps after a calculation or investigation .
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact .
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges .
Obtain from a storage device , as of information on a computer .
repeat ; reestablish or begin again
COMPUTERS : obtain data / images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
Improve or perfect by polishing , pruning , or making more concise .
signify or mean to express or convey
Strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement .
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully ; separate or cause to separate ; go to pieces .
cause to match ( ideas or acts ) ; be compatible
( Cause to ) be firmly attached or closed .
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something
Identify , establish location or identity
put or set into , between or among
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor 's degree
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply .
provide , raise , or supply funds to
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
The act of creating written works .
take or capture by force or authority
Go after with the intent to follow or catch .
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
Remove feathers , pits , shells , skin , husks
aggressive willingness to battle , pugnaciousness
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin .
give a neat appearance to , neaten
the spatial , geometric contour of an object
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
supporter , advocate of something or someone
make up something fictional or untrue
regulate or set the time of ( a clock )
the act of substituting one thing for another
the foremost part of something
the state of being in contact
measure the time or duration of
Create an electrical short in something .
Move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement .
the concluding section of a communication
final stage of an event or activity
the act of governing , administrating
the act of moving , turning something
the state of being retained
hold in a given state or situation
the act of putting a preparation on something .
Soak up ( as if ) with a sponge .
register formally as a participant
The act of creating written works .
the state of having options , alternatives
the activity of examining or assessing something
the act of forecasting or predicting something
the act of concealing or disguising
the act of providing help or aid to someone
the state of being retained
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation .
act or do something in reaction to something
the quality of being useful for something
protect with or as if with a shield
Declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective .
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
assimilate into the mind or a situation
The human act of making something new .
put up with something unpleasant
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
location sheltered from the wind
the act of choosing or selecting
Move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement .
the act of intentionally omitting something
the noise of something rapping against a surface
( Cause to ) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space .
incline from a vertical position
the act of moving , turning something
make an incision or separation
an established linear path of travel
behave in a certain way , usu. joyful
make purer , more intense , as by removal of extraneous elements
the spatial , geometric contour of an object
a physical difficulty or obstacle
ABIDE BY : act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes .
want , desire or perfer to do something
look at or observe something or someone
the nature , makeup or constitution of something
make sense of , give meaning to
move , transfer or carry something or someone
the state of being retained
the act of providing help or aid to someone
FARM OUT : arrange for contracted work to be done by others .
Fasten ( as if ) with a rivet or rivets .
cause to be immersed in
the act of moving , turning something
build , make by combining materials or parts
( cause to ) happen at a later time
the act of preserving or protecting something
the act of preserving or protecting something
( Cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .
the act of arriving at a certain place
the act of grasping into one 's arms
a state of being encircled
incline from a vertical position
( cause to ) be overcome with sudden fears
leave undone or leave out
changing one thing for another
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .
put into or keep in a stall
The appropriate or desirable thing .
the act of concealing or disguising
a visual characterization of something
physically grapple with an opponent
the scent or odor of something
The human act of making something new .
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
a state or act of gaining pleasure
Change the meaning of ( someone 's ) words with intent to deceive .
the act of preserving or protecting something
put up with something unpleasant
the act of appraising , critiquing something
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly
take action or behave in a certain way
the state of being retained
An instance or action of being incorrect .
the act of expressing approval , support of something
the act of putting something to use .
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate ; be bossy towards someone .
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
the act of advocating or promoting something
the state of being employed
the quality of being useful for something
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
the state of having one 's weight supported
the act of forecasting or predicting something
give a detailed account of
An exciting or stimulating experience .
the act of forecasting or predicting something
the act of providing incentive to someone
the act of putting something to use .
the root or base form of a word
be or come into conflict
make or become more acute or intense
Move or arrange oneself ( oneselves ) in a comfortable and cozy position .
Literally cause to become unable to see .
attract ; cause to be enamored by ( one 's ) nature .
visual representation sketched by hand
a person who is a member of the senate
Cover or back with foil .
The state of being pleased with life .
look at or observe something or someone
give a neat appearance to , neaten
an abundance or profusion of something
request or demand a response from someone ; challenge someone
the act of moving , turning something
the state of being employed
set forth as an introduction or preface
the act of concealing or disguising
The act of beginning something new .
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
The act of purchasing back something previously sold .
Bring , lead , or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action .
( Cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .
( cause to ) meet or intersect
settle or deal with something
cause to turn from one course or use to another
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
Follow one 's own or another 's path
the state of being in contact
the act or means of getting rid of something .
set forth as an introduction or preface
severance from a social connection or tie
The human act of making something new .
the state of being retained
An instance or action of being incorrect .
DELIVER THE GOODS : attain success , reach a goal
the act of harming or hurting someone
give a detailed account of
the pulsation of the heart
behave or move in a certain manner
move or execute very quickly or hastily
infer or believe to be the case
a border or boundary of an object
the act of providing incentive to someone
The act of beginning something new .
administer or bestow , as portions
Entreat ; ask for some information or action .
The act of indicating or pointing out by name .
The act of beginning something new .
move from one location to another
set forth as an introduction or preface
the action of placing or situating an object
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the state of being retained
a consequence , outcome or result of something
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something
the act of preserving or protecting something
lessen in force , impact , or effect
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
a rationale or reason for something
request or demand something from someone
register formally as a participant
the act of turning , rotating an object
defining , distinctive form or shape of something
RUN AGROUND-- ( cause to ) come to the ground
Expel or eject ( saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit ) from the mouth .
an aggregation of things or people
trace the form or outline of
the act of preserving or protecting something
the act of preserving or protecting something
Manipulate or move something in order to operate .
the process of becoming less or smaller
the state of being retained
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave .
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
the activity of examining or assessing something
combine so as to form a more complex product
Understand the meaning of something .
the flavor quality of something
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
put in a dangerous position
a store or supply of something
Understand the meaning of something .
an allotment or percentage of something
the act of concealing or disguising
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up
take legal action against , as in court
The act of searching for or buying goods or services .
bring to a certain pressure
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
( Cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .
the way something conforms to a shape
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief .
an agent or company that insures something
the event of proposing or volunteering something
remove from a place or from office
( Cause to ) become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease .
free ( from restraint ) , let loose
the act of turning , rotating an object
remove to or from a place or situation
The act of beginning something new .
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
act of moving or conveying something
the act of preserving or protecting something
the act of putting something to use .
draw a cross in the air over something
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
the act of choosing or selecting
Provoke someone to do something through ( often exaggerated or false ) promises or persuasion .
Refuse to recognize something as valid ( not a person ) .
an indication of something , evidence
the act of improving something 's quality
create a new entity by putting components or members together
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
the state of being in contact
Amount that can be contained
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
turn , twist or fasten ( as if ) with a screw
the act of forecasting or predicting something
become or cause to become obstructed
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
The human act of making something new .
put up with something unpleasant
( cause to ) happen at a later time
a small , indefinite portion of something
be given to , come into the possession of
put up with something unpleasant
Make a crushing noise , possibly as the result of pressing or grinding .
place or lay as if in a pile
the act of rubbing a surface
Move or arrange oneself ( oneselves ) in a comfortable and cozy position .
Refuse to recognize something as valid ( not a person ) .
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something
the act of choosing or selecting
the act of putting something to use .
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
the context or setting in which something takes place
the state of being retained
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .
cause or become accessible state , make or become available
remove from a place or from office
the act of preserving or protecting something
get or find back ; recover
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something .
carry out or complete an activity
Droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense .
cause to turn from one course or use to another
( cause to ) appear suddenly or briefly
the act of harming or hurting someone
the act of moving , turning something
the act of preserving or protecting something
( cause to ) come apart , separate , or split
remove from a place or from office
give a detailed account of
the act of flipping an object into the air
the act of preserving or protecting something
the act of protesting , dissenting
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
make an image or sound clearer ; put into focus
the act of turning , rotating an object
the act of appraising , critiquing something
( Cause to ) run at a moderately swift pace .
pass time in a particular place or way
( Cause to ) be covered with something .
( The act of making ) a measurement of something .
write all the required information
abrupt state of disbelief about something
the act of concealing or disguising
the cause or instigation of something
Lose clarity or turn aside , especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument .
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
Create an electrical short in something .
Have a complexion with a strong bright color ; reflect emotion via one 's complexion .
ascribe or place in association with
A plant structure near the top of the plant .
the act of rubbing a surface
the act of forecasting or predicting something
Amount that can be contained
rounded end of a bone
the action of placing or situating an object
the act of harming or hurting someone
administer or bestow , as portions
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
the act of entering a structure
the act of preserving or protecting something
An area that is central within some larger region .
reduce the price of something
An instance or action of being incorrect .
the state of being in working order
the state of being retained
the action of placing or situating an object
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
the act of forecasting or predicting something
the state of being employed
have in mind as a plan or purpose
the act of protesting , dissenting
class of students taught together
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .
Put in motion or move to act ; make active or more active .
the act of cutting off length , snipping off
the act of moving , turning something
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
cover with a primer base
the state of having options , alternatives
the act of preserving or protecting something
behave or move in a certain manner
the essence or gist of something
prepare for / put to action or use
cause to be immersed in
a type of military aircraft
pass into by penetrating or permeating
a boundary area or edge of something
the activity of examining or assessing something
The act of beginning something new .
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
unite ; merge with something already in existence
the act of moving , turning something
the state of being retained
the act of governing , administrating
the quality of being useful for something
the act of choosing or selecting
be in direct physical contact with
the place within which an authority has power
the foremost part of something
mark or cover with or as if with dots
the act of putting something to use .
Vomit , either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion .
the act of putting a preparation on something .
the act of advocating or promoting something
( cause to ) separate or move in different directions
the act of putting something to use .
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
the act of substituting one thing for another
the act of preserving or protecting something
the act of concealing or disguising
the act of applying paint to a surface
behave or move in a certain manner
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding .
the act of concealing or disguising
Put on cream , as on one 's face or body .
supporter , advocate of something or someone
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of .
Wear or display , as in a facet of something or an article of clothing .
move into and stay in a particular position
( cause to ) move back and forth or side to side
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity .
state of being unclothed , naked
the noise of something rapping against a surface
the act of forecasting or predicting something
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
( Cause to ) become widely distributed .
The human act of making something new .
trace the form or outline of
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove .
The act of purchasing back something previously sold .
the activity of examining or assessing something
Complain ; talk in a tearful manner .
exist in a certain manner , mode , or style
the act of harming or hurting someone
glean or gather natural products
put up with something unpleasant
Saturate or inocculate with a substance .
the act of turning , rotating an object
make tracks on a surface
the act of putting something to use .
the identification or the realization of something
to make ready , fit out
the act of intentionally omitting something
the act of substituting one thing for another
Cause to move forward with force .
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
injure by turning or rotating
the act of forecasting or predicting something
cause to be in a state or location
protect with or as if with a shield
The human act of making something new .
the concluding section of a communication
the crown of a flowering plant
want , desire or perfer to do something
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams .
the act of combining , blending , integrating
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
the act of harming or hurting someone
put up with something unpleasant
Global online # education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -
Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship ( Will Movies Get Any Better ? )
# Bloomberg : Assault weapon ban tough sell Pub. enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor : Big Gulps and # guns . # ocra
Car bomb detonates outside # Afghan intelligence agency ; casualty toll unclear .
What 's in Feinstein 's gun bill - # tgdn # pjnet
Linda Greenhouse : Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients ' best interests
Special measures for Beijing polution :
SYNTHAX _ tERROR 2 : : " American Taliban " John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison
The questions Oprah should 've asked Lance Amstrong
Cc " : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "
Not a tear here : Red Brigades jagoff dies , year older than me , fuck him :
so many places to go ...
As # California Bounces Back , Governor Calls For Lofty Goals
NYTimes : # Leishmaniasis : A # Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease
Jesus ... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil .
So the company mad , isn 't this what most companies are doing ?
Taking Aim # Stopgunviolence # Congress # NRA
# NRA releases target shooting app , hmm wait a sec ..
Broken limbs , torn lives in northern # Mali # Africa # conflict # humanrights
slams guest over AR-15s
A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days .
Sex abuse common , but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight
Death toll climbs to 220 in # Brazil nightclub fire , official says .
( I love him ! ! ! ! ) 10 reasons we can 't get enough Gosling -
U.S. withdrawal is ' tough love ' for Afghans
NYTimes : Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution .
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT !
NATO : Missile battery opens on Syrian border this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here .
What 's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner ? " . Airlines must be SO happy !
Hopefully not together " : Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries "
We will pass a milestone this year : the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild
Design , design , design . ? We ? re on the tail end of technology being special , ? says John Maeda .
Interesting article on the CNN homepage . " Mickleson has a point on taxes . "
Pictures of the Day : Pakistan , Syria , Indonesia , Germany , Phillipines and Mali .
How # Vine video may change Twitter # in
+ 1 MT ? " I loathe writing with .. a kind of phobia .. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it " Styron
SPORT : MT Lance Armstrong confesses to doping . Next step ? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling .
Bloomberg chips in a billion
U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed .
NYTimes : Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville , USA ?
Cardinal Mahony , abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers . So sad and frustrating .
" Tennis : Djokovic claims Aussie triumph ZmerchNews dot Com "
Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars
# US details help in failed # hostage rescue . # Somalia # France
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are OK , not great CNNMoney
Internet Activist # AaronSwartz , Creator of # RSS , Is Dead at 26- Suicide . Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much ?
The truth about publicity ... Bad publicity does exist . # pr # media
# Revolution Hits the # Universities by # distance # education # sustainability
VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help # Save # Mali
This is a weird article . " Ray Kurzweil Says We ’ re Going to Live Forever "
Daannngg ! ? : Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn ? t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ?
Apple makes a $ 13.1 billion profit , sells 28 % more iPhones and 48 % more iPads . Stock dips 11 %
When does life begin ? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person .
Two years after the Egyptian Revolution ... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -
After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late , he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials
Wait , bribing kids is bad ? # notmomoftheyearafterall
# Disney ' s new # videogame , via NYTimes : Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney
In the Gowanus Canal , a dolphin
Senator Schumer Says He ? s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast . His endorsement should settle that issue .
Producer of popular gun-related videos shot . Every gun death is a tragedy .
interesting and sensible
Sign of inaccessible , culturally incompetent mainstream care ? As ? Bodega Clinicas ? Fill Void , Health Officials Are Torn
Rome 's colorful Colosseum
" : Samsung profit at record $ 6.6 billion "
Spanish police seize items intended for Iran . Qu ? mal rollo ...
This is a pretty amazing read . # howstuffworks NYTimes : Coins , Bills and the National Debt
Fitness Center in a # Hotel Room
I 'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots .
Saudis defend # SriLankan maid 's # execution
The worst kind of poor flying judgement . Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe .
on Hillary Clinton 's FP approach
An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy # memofromrome # politics
Sign of the # apocalypse : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . ?
A really nicely written story : In the Subways , a Voice to Stir the Soul
CES keynote : Young people today are ' born # mobile ' # hitech
What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs , but the needs of their # caregiver # hpm
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS ; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER & TELL FRENCH WE 'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS .
Climate Change at CNN : Next step : Obama 's State of the Union speech on February 12 ....
RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Charlie Brown voice actor charged
NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University :
Dreamliner having fitful rollout . How tough is this for Boeing ?
What We Don ’ t Know Is Killing Us The gun industry can 't handle the truth .
India Ink : Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab , Police Say : Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...
# Photos : # KimJongUn and his army forces
Indonesian official : Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they don 't
So wait , you think I want to search # Facebook , and use Bing as the back up ? ha .
ICYMI , Facebook unveiled a new search tool today : " Graph Searchl "
" humanitarian emergency . " declared by Aid groups in Syria "
President ? If she wants it
They deserve such unkind words .
A great piece in the NYT mag on story , lit , and media .
Review : Facebook 's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN " only two of my 526 friends like cats " ... say no more
Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with # Shell at # Davos # energy # marketentry
By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea
Try something new on your next vacation .
" : Britney Spears calls off engagement " loool CNN reports this ? Where is this world going ?
Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars
Thank goodness . ? : Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor 's death . ?
Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say -
live to eat or eat to live ? I take the former .
Boosting Your # Flu Shot Response With # Exercise
Smartphones are lifes remote control -
Er diab ... " : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "
2013 Oscar nominations : Who got
NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak , links to Daily Beast # wef # israel # iran # nukes # war
Convicted in Thailand of * implying * an insult to the king . ? There was no mention of the king ? s name in the speech . ?
" Escape from La Crosse " The Preppers Next Door
Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong ? She 's not convinced # Doprah
Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax ?
Morning athletic inspiration ( let everyone compete ! ) : Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes # NYT
Michael R. Bloomberg credits # JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader
This is ludicrous . Sheriff : I won 't enforce Obama 's gun laws . Really ?
Man outsources own job to China
Morsi ? s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered
thins just don 't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this . Or am I ...
you are an # inspiration ! # Keepfighting
Study : College-educated weathered downturn best :
sadness . " : Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies . ”
" Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses " Uh oh ...
Today I learned " Currently , there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime . " I am at a loss for words .
President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission ( S.E.C. ) Boss
Wow . A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight
Good read ... Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz -
Finally Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify
Great informative article that shows PepsiCo 's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first
How the US has changed in my lifetime :
The New York Times : Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up
In France , Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage
FOLLOW THE DINERO : Cuomo Raises $ 22.5 Million for Re-election Bid
China is investing in # education - # highered # edpolicy
Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ?
Build a fence around your good health ! Your top flu questions answered .
Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant # hipimplant
'Is there a worse way to live ? ' ( cc : ) # JIDF
Gun violence is absolute a # publichealth issue . Good work , on your gun reform for a generation # itsastart
AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid : # Medicaid
Worth reading for the column excerpts : Pauline Phillips , Dear Abby , Dies at 94
# Myanmar s Fight With Armed # Rebels Edges Toward China # burma # kachin
Truly a sad day . At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire
US inadvertently trained rebels : French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S .
Calorie bomb on the menu will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals
Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012
An Alarm in the Offing on # ClimateChange # ExtremeWeather # globalwarming # eco
Syria : Deadly airstrikes in Damascus
Two of our favorite partners , and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute .
Amazing , you can play violent shooting games & nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game
Worth Watching . " Set for Life " Documenting a Generation ? s Fall . # work # unemployment # babyboomer
Dreamliner fix : ' It 's not easy ' - this a big mess that is not easy .
NYT Editorial : What We Don ’ t Know Is Killing Us # research # guns # violence
Think so ? They don 't think so !
Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith 's Sunday routine :
Position " eliminated " . Hmm . I read " exterminated " . Times Executive Is Leaving
Mr. Drummond , yep ... showing my age : Conrad Bain , Father on ? Diff ? rent Strokes ? , Dies at 89
Saudi Arabia defends maid 's execution
" Facebook has a lot of data , but it ? s very noisy data . "
CNN Recent nightclub tragedies : On Saturday , a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l ...
North Korea sendin them threats again
We 're all human , No MORE DEATH Please ! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire , dies to protest Chinese rule
Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity
Prayers for Burt Reynolds
'Taliban ' is plural , but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists : .
Saudi activists say they won 't be silenced ~ ~ I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully !
When doctors don 't listen what can you do ?
Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs
Bending the Steakhouse Rules # food # eatingout
Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs # law # cdnpoli
'Anonymous ' threatens Justice Dept . ' Anonymous ' threatens Justice Dept
At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire , such a shame
Internet addiction of the day : ' What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie'
Great piece by in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem :
On the virtues of procrastination : This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year ? s Day
France : We 're not the pacifists you think we are - Mali
The Bizarre World of Online Relationships : Image of Manti Te 'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl
Washington 's Economic Boom , Financed by You Real life " Hunger Games "
Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you ? ve got Mad Cow disease .
Swatch plays a big hand on $ 1B Harry Winston acqusition get it , big hand ... # iexplainmyjokes
States get extension on # healthexchange timetable : : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges # ACA # HCR
" Live by the sword ... " Sad and ironic . Producer of popular gun-related videos shot
Kobe Bryant , wife to call off divorce yaayy ! lol .
Excellent ! ? : # Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from # Afghanistan , several months ahead of schedule : ?
obit : Vincent Sombrotto , leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country ' til Nixon sent the National Guard
So heartbreaking “ : At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . ”
More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure " America 's Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate "
This is interesting : " What We Don ’ t Know Is Killing Us " .
When i first saw this sing guy on the subway , i thought he needed an article . And NYT has delivered !
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt ..
This just warmed my heart : Ada Bryant and Robert Haire
# New York City Ties # Doctors ? # Income to # Quality of # Care
NY Times : Dot Earth Blog : Is ' Wild West ' Era for Fracking Coming to an End ?
Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code ! # MS fills # school2prison pipeline reports grantee .
Congratulations to # Fruitvale and # BloodBrother ! Sounds like # Sundance had some powerful films this year .
Sleep , perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline ”
My PBK membership , finally explained . Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades :
Tennis : Sharapova takes on boys
FDA may find that poop is a drug . NYTimes : When Pills Fail , This , er , Option Provides a Cure
Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case , Ripe Prose
Peter Likes : DealBook : Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private
Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh 's Gamble With Playoff Win
Republican Governors Open New Front in # Tax Debate Offering Bold # Solutions !
For the record , I chopped my hair into " The Karlie " before Karlie ; )
Familiarize yourselves : # NorthKorea
New mutations discovered in # melanoma Useful in decoding how it develops . # cancer
Not so good news .... NYTimes : German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter
U.N. agencies : Stop the suffering in Syria Again . Powerless .
Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof : Guns are " an instrument not of protection but of escalation . "
NYTimes : Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs
New low for water levels in the Great Lakes # Drought
Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile -
NYTimes : Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand ...
Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations .
So , can we just pass the ERA now ? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold # germany # europe # USA
“ : Secret Service Dog falls to its Death ” 😢 🐶
* * * * * NYTimes : Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign * * * * *
# Obama plan : Tougher checks , no assault weapons - - from # guncontrol
Ken Salazar leaving to spend more time with his bolo ties .
Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger 's heir apparent . $ 200 mil deal ? ! ? Makes no business sense to me .
Should babies be allowed to ' cry it out ' ? # attachment # parenting
Look of The Moment : # TaylorSwift
The plight of the Atlanta Falcons
New York State Has Gun Control Deal , With Focus on Mental Ills
Tribal Lessons - ' The World Until Yesterday'
So . Odd . ? : In his own words : Manti Te 'o on his girlfriend , and her death - now revealed to be a hoax : ?
J & J was aware of 40 % failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants .
Following # Colorado # marijuana legal decisions closely . Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess
NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls
Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking ? Let ? s go Dutch ? ? # Gartine
Obama must prove himself on Palestine : NYTimes : Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama
America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad ?
It hurts my stomach .
Do you need a " Stop Day "
What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too .
Will President Obama 's gun proposals work ? Recalling Pain , Mayors Urge Bills ? Passage
NYT Books - Books of The Times : ? The River Swimmer , ? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison : ? The River Swimmer , ? Ji ...
Baby boomers getting tech savvy :
v Kerry says # Iran must come clean on # nuclear program
Woah . Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin 's contract , which just expired .
Awe - one of the original " bloggers " passes away . Pauline Phillips , Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Don 't get any ideas , . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China , surfs cat videos -
Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with # MS : The Long Wait ? # sundance
This thing reads like one of those pre-written ' death ' articles . Creepy .
UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission : What do you think ?
200 dead in night club fire
NYT- Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles
" An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway ... "
Here 's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes .
New York passes gun control bill Interesting , I like that they actually focused on mental health .
Miss Montana has a great story to tell . # autism
CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal -
A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard . I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too .
" : In today ? s Gun Challenge editorial , Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform . "
In N.A.A.C.P. , Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban I 'm not one of them !
And they never wondr WHY ! ! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -
Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers
In Oz we love to scoff at US politics , gun laws etc . Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours .
Paging Orval Faubus : " Oregon sheriff : ' Unconstitutional ' gun control laws won 't be enforced " # guncontrol # newtown
Golden Globes : How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts ?
In # Turkey , mourners protest killings of # Kurds
Chim : A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe # photography
isn ? t it sad , that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it # challenges
Video : Rome 's colorful Collosseum :
What the what ? ! ? : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . ?
Here we go again .. A man says he 's ' certain ' he knows where Hoffa is buried .
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia
Even thought I 've downloaded # Google maps for # iPhone , I 'm still using # Apple 's built in maps . They 're easier to use .
Buried Memories talks on a never before told true story of survival , memory and recovery .
The Gulf 's ' green ' buildings # Amman # CNN
NYTimes : N.R.A. Attacks Obama & Daughters in Video \ repugnant .
Awful . " : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes "
Here is my question , is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better ?
The reason Kindles exist : The Onion 's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden
Info Miami ’ s Design District Looks for an Upgrade : A proposed $ 312 million renovation is expected to transform t ...
Broken limbs , torn lives in northern # Mali - # Islamism # Sharia
Journalists , take a hint from Andrew Sullivan -
This sweet love story made me weepy . No , really :
North Korea beats war drums ...
Russian influence on rise in # Israel
Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs , torn lives in northern Mali
Good Grief indeed , Charlie Brown gets arrested
“ : “ : Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire , official says . ” incredibly sad ” horrifying
Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column . What a life . NYTimes : Dear Abby Dies at 94
In Desert Outposts , Border Agents Keep Watch # elpaso # elchuco # lafrontera # mexico
The closest I 'll every get to Hollywood : # GreenFashion on the Red Carpet
Again : NYTimes : 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test
Some Daily on Daily crime right here . MT : on filib. reform ? unintelligible :
North Korea ? s Missile Movements Worry U.S. THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER
We are excited to see what happens ! ! ? South Park ? Creators Start " Important Studios " # southpark
CNN : Helicopter crash rains debris on London street
Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ?
Is Studio 54 like the ' 60s- if u can remember it , u weren 't really there ? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54 :
The climate is changing , not in the distant future , but now :
Extreme weather : expect the unexpected
Ada Bryant and Robert Haire You go girl ! !
NYT on Aaron Swartz : A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause
Ignore the headline : more than 220 ... click on the link for updated via CNN . We 're seeing the numbers climb higher ...
I 'm regretful that it has to come to this for some .
scaryyyyy ... Questioning Greek Growth
Tragic news : A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause
You better believe in climate change , it 's real ! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming
: Popular gun nut * shot dead in own home , NRA thinks he needed more guns
This is so sad “ : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . ”
Former Australian PM says " I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . "
NYTimes : Diderot , an American Exemplar ? Bien Sûr ! A free thinker
Good grief ! Charlie Brown voice actor charged - # law # legal
SL Putting a Number on Smoking 's Toll
Is it a coincidence the most Miss America 's come from the South ?
Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession CNNMoney
Million Man March ; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan- # TahirulQadri # 14Jan
America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good Luck Saudi : )
French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech
" Not all smoothies are created equal ! "
US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT
NYTimes : 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil ( locked security doors and band pyrotechnics )
v ? a Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C. ? s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers
IHT : Xiao Shu , former journalist at Southern Weekend , gives insider take on iron grip of censorship .
# Wtf it happened again . Police : 7 men gang rape bus passenger in # India -
# Youth : The wants to know : " Does # Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y ? " Share HERE
Da CNN : ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update'
Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland
Dear Abby , Dies at 94 . Dear Abby : Are birth control pills deductible ? Bertie Dear Bertie : Only if they don ? t work .
Jared Diamond book worth reading ? " The World Until Yesterday "
# Socialmedia makes folks more honest , says # Cornell prof # Facebook # LinkedIn
World 's best white-water rafting ? geekkenya
Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out .
Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for
on the need for humanity in online learning .
Weird , just the voice ? " : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . "
Opinionator : Misconceptions ( Linda Greenhouse )
Frum : U.S. gun problem is not a race problem ( must read )
Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France # Twitter
Goed initiatief , inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen # New York City Ties Doctors ? Income to Quality of Care
Art meets technology before tragedy : photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times
Wow , what a story : In the Subways , a Voice to Stir the Soul
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are OK , not great
Death is bad enough :
" Husbands of Hollywood " ? ? gender-flipped satire of reality TV ... & subtle commentary on limited options for black actors .
President Hillary ! There are few things I would like more !
NYT , " Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls [ Burrowing ] Behavior [ and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made ] "
" : Social media making us more honest ? talks to "
Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse . Labels are powerful .
Public takes its shots at Armstrong--What do you guys think of Armstrong 's doping ?
After U.S. threat , North Korea turns ire on South # military # SKorea # NKorea # US # politics
Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons :
NYTimes : Victory for Anthony and for Knicks
The Mexican gun-tablet exchange ...
From : Cond ? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute # CondeNast
Fires threaten parts of Australia -
Feel good morning read ! : ) Note on a napkin , ' This meal is on us ' -
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot ? s Potency # flushot # exercise # health
The telecom industry just took away our rights . As of today , it 's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier
Awesome ! # Republicans can 't win on their ideas so they will change the rules ! ?
77 % of Americans use search to find diagnosis . ? : Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ?
The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech # dealbook
Should babies be left to " cry it out ? " ...
Interesting perspective on # Broncos playcalling -
Rivals watch as Shell 's # Arctic drilling hopes hit snags . $ RDS.A # Alaska # KeystoneXL # oil # politics
Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks I learned something new today ! ! !
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence nytimes or the onion article ? can 't tell
Interesting article . ASAP Yams , Partner to Hip-Hop 's ASAP Rocky
they were so young : ( # SantaMaria # tragedyinthenightclub
An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer . I knew those things would come in handy .
TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales : Manuel Gonzales Talks About ' The Miniature Wife ' : Mr. Gonzales 's first colle ...
Philly high schoolers , join the conversation . : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School ?
some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20 % ...
Apparently a Suicide
This is an inspiring exhibition . The way to the future . ? Making Room ? in the City
Jeanne Vertefeuille , who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames , died recently .
Wait , what ? ! - ' Universal background checks ' defined
Our Economic Pickle : America 's Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate
Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers : Saudi execution : Brutal , inhuman and illegal ? - CNN # p2 # p21 # tcot # ccot
Reading : How to Get America Online via
New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart
What 's so wrong with researching it ? What We Don ’ t Know Is Killing Us
Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet , with all the details :
# Java compromised take necessary action
# Morsi : " Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them : for Zionists , for Jews "
NYTimes : Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated , organized and professionalized ? in history
Lean in Sisters .... NYTimes : She ’ s ( Rarely ) the Boss
Pakistan bomb victims ' families end protest
This could play out very interesting ....
Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense Good news !
This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway
Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign # itsecurity # cyberspy
Great NY Times article : “ : “ : A Saint in His City : Archie Manning in # NewOrleans
Great article & comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank .
PUT UP YOUR NUKES [ dukes ] ! " North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. " jacques
Calorie bomb disasters on the menu
ICYMI : " As Disabled Athletes Compete , Questions of Logistics "
If uv not seen # Crazy # Love , u should . NYTimes : Linda Riss # Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75
Question is : Does this mean Civil War ? Probably not . But still not a good situation # Iraq
Couldn 't agree more with the facts here :
Interesting article for parents who support their college kids : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades
New York 's Cuomo signs gun control bill . 1 down 49 to go !
SYNTHAX _ tERROR 2 : : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes
WTF India ? ! ! This has got to stop .
CNN Soccer 's ' bounty hunter ' takes on FIFA : A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta ...
Dey stay preppin ' ... The Preppers Next Door
Family uses pot to manage son 's autism ... Wow
“ Long Island : ‘ Attack of the Bloodsuckers ! ’ at the Long Island Children ’ s Museum ” if you want to scare leo
a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again , bravo
Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what 's best about the Net .
Female Directors Gain Ground , Slowly The storyteller ? s gender matters .
wtf ? ? » " : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : "
# Cosmos Unveil Plan for # Soccer Stadium Near # BelmontPark # NYS # NY # LongIsland # EconDev
Theme ? Ppl trying to sell stuff that 's not theirs ... cc : # JoyDivision # music
NYTimes : Smartphones Become Life ? s Remote Control --- amazing
Breaks my heart " : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . "
op-ed - Why We Must Help Save # Mali # Africa # HelpMali
Omg . At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Another GangRape in India ! WTF ! : ( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India -
Social media can be a friend or foe but it doesn 't raise your IQ - - Police : YouTube videos lead to pot bust
He 's dead ! ? : Venezuela says Hugo Chavez 's condition is improving ?
NYTimes : Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata
Salivating ! ? : Exotic culinary tours from around world ?
" Still own a Livestrong bracelet ? Tell us about it . " ( CNN )
Leave it to a lawyer from # Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence .
# coder # outsources own job to # china for a # profit , gets fired .
Africa : The Top 5 stories of the week are ... -
Awkward ! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim
When Pills Fail , This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff
Dear Abby , we miss you already . How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit ! " Dear Abby , Dies at 94 "
A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause # AaronSwartz # MITfail # badbranding
How an all-American hero fell to earth - . ( Where have all the REAL heroes gone ? )
Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest . Again .
More accurate ( albeit less catchy ) title would be " India is 2nd place " not " losing " , but still interesting :
Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy , Dies at 80
In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes : ‘ Propaganda ’ by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest
Families of # Newtown Victims Look for Answers on # Gun Violence # NRA
Really ? Man says he 's ' certain ' where Hoffa is buried
NYTimes : How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by on regulating the big ISPs
Time to ban nighclubs .
'here is what happens when you cast lindsey # lohan in a movie ' & get unlimited on-set access : superb journalism .
North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South # North # South # Korea # UN # sanctions # war # R2PH
In complete shock ! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person
Armstrong 's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true .
This is what happened in Brazil if you don 't know x
Although Truth is a the higher standard ... : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission
NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s
Aww ? : Britney Spears calls off engagement ?
The top baby names of 2013 - ( gee , my name is not on there ; o ) ) ) )
This shouldn 't be the problem that it is . Ready-set-go . NYTimes : As Disabled Athletes Compete , Questions of Logistics
Damn smh " : Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire , official says . "
Could it be good ? Sounds intriguing ... ABC to look at ' Star Wars ' live-action TV series -
Online courses still need a human element ...
Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent ? # pols1101
The history of temp agencies : Using the sexism of the ' 60s to expand " right under the noses of powerful labor unions . "
great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy
Amen ! " : Good news .... My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to ' Good Morning America ' "
Who stole precious relics from Mo. church ?
Firefly : 2015 is happening ...... as a NASA mining vessel . # fireflyreturnskinda
Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali , reports say -
I wish I could be this man # PaulTheroux My # Travel Wish List via
40 Miles to Work , on a Bike : -- Incredible !
Oh so clever , weighs in on # obesity fight
The entrusted Muslim brotherhood
I need a ' stop day ' in my life . # CNN
Great piece by " The gruesome toll of deadly # clusterbombs in Syria " -
Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire via Talmud Blog
Highlights From Katie Couric 's Interview With Manti Te 'o
Apps to help you ski : via NY Times
We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause
nsfw ? : Best obit opening I 've read in a long time . Dear Abby Dies at 94 ?
Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far ... The Unaffordable Luxury of Food
I 'd like to read this . MT : Interview with DL Weiss , Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It .
NYT botches description of " crushed beer can " fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell 's Arctic troubles
The Preppers Next Door Who wants to join MY group ?
Driven by a need to compete or remorse ? Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify
Sheriff : I won 't enforce Obama 's gun laws . Good for him .
Love this--Forms at the doctor 's office just got fun -
Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB ( via Instapaper )
setting the bar , good move ! " Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job "
NYTimes : Apple May Be Big , but It Isn ’ t a Bellwether ( my column )
Schrecklich ! 😢 “ : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”
Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal ?
What is the price of insulting the # king in # Thailand ? 10 years in # prison for # activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk
Sheriff : I won 't enforce Obama 's gun laws He 's 1 black guy , they r US laws & calm the fuck down # overparanoia & racism
Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research , Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care
NYTimes : ? Mad Men ? Set to Return on April 7 . Excellent news .
Greek FM : Small chance Greece leaves EU
'Dad , it 's only my books I am friends with . ' # Malala # womenonthefrontline
lovely tribute , her responses to readers ' qtns priceless . Read bacon frying and you could move . Dear Abby Dies at 94
Which country has most economic freedom ? # economy # economics
'4-hour ' work guru on China outsourcer : Bad karma - CNN International
Part 4 : Answers to Your Questions About the # FAFSA # finaid # scchat
Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades .
Finally a little RESPECT for Vets ! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job
" : Breaking : 250 killed , 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno . " Crazy
" Pray for Me " . Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope
John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline . # music
An rising star on London 's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden
Casting : Lindsay Lohan , careening debt and porn stars . What could go wrong ? What Happens When You Hire LL .
Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid 's execution # p2 # tcot
HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he 'll use whoevr2bring it ? Winfrey 's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through
A MUST READ ! by ! How # Turkey Can Make Peace With the # Kurds
Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage , and how their gay son ? s struggle became a unifier
What exactly is going on in Mali ? @
Gabby and Mark : The new Bradys of gun control # TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM
NRA 's video game smacks of hypocrisy # NRA # guncontrol
Frum : # US . # gun problem is not a race problem
All from a kid starting an online petition . NYTimes : PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade
Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma 's tentatively entitled film " Happy Valley " # sportsbiz
Source say at least 150 " : At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . "
NYTimes : Debunking Darwin . Was He Wrong About Dating ? # sex # gender
From the She Owns It business group ... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees
Well , at least we know the slides work now .
NYTimes : What We Don ’ t Know Is Killing Us -Couldn 't agree more ! e.g. , research on IPV homicides & guns is critical .
BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd
The deadly toll of cluster bombs in # Syria
! pay it forward - Note on a napkin , ' This meal is on us ' -
Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times : ? I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ? Hollywood Jack ? ?
Flowers in winter ? Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials .
Go # Obama . Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns
Is # Pakistan becoming " # SouthAsia 's # Dreamliner " ? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the # iPhone # HealthIT # hcsm
I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest . # MisspentYouth
A Generation Gap ? Not on This Web Site ( Harvard Business School )
Eddie Huang in the NY Times. i vibe this dude so hard
Rangel : More equal military ? Bring back draft # deployment # usaf # military
France confronts Mali jihadists
The amount of organizations and clubs at # college is overwhelming ! Choose carefully before dedicating your time :
Lol .. errm .. " test " on the U.S. of A. ? # damn ! : North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. : ?
# Morsi ? s Slurs Against # Jews Stir Concern Does any one in # Obama ' s administration know how to read # English ?
" Vine is Twitter 's attempt to be the Instagram of Video , " Form a nerdier sentence . Don 't try ! Its Impossible !
Mark Sanford , the ex-Governor of South Carolina & " Hiking the Appalachian Trail " , to Run for Congress
Where to Go in 2013 by ! offers insightful explorations to most of these !
peter is not in the top ten but mo , bertie and gus are ? : " The top baby names of 2013 "
NYTimes : # Queens # School Is Locked Down After # Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old ? s Backpack is there no end ?
What choo talkin ' bout Mr. D ...... RIP Conrad Bain , Father on ? Diff ? rent Strokes ? , Dies at 89
Facebook unveils new search tool :
# GunReform for a Generation
Is it me , or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar ? In Ads , Coke Confronts Soda ? s Link to Obesity
Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy
Williams Starts Fast , but Pace Suits Rockets
QUEBRA TUDO ! ! ! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ‘ Star Wars ’ Movie
WOW : announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions . They anticipate 100k + hires :
In Britain , Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB , THEY GOT " FOOTBALL " 2 KEEP THEM BORED .
At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire " Kropp left that country in the nick of time .
dutch automat Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia omg !
Who Decides the Laws of War ? It belongs in civilian courts .
Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News
New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills
Lance Armstrong [ Finally ] Admits Doping , Says He Will Testify
Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps .
Where is justice ? ' They ran him over because he was black'
reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again .
Sheen wants to return to ' 2.5 Men ' but has his past image ruined that ? # coePR205
Good Read : Challenges for Women in India :
NYTimes : Richard G. Stern , Writers ? Writer , Dies at 84 Big loss
Fantastic read from on imprtnce of narratives : " ... stories , not algorithms , give order to our hectic world . "
" 2012 : The Year of Extreme # Weather " : # ClimateChange # Drought # NationalClimateAssessment # GlobalChangeResearch
La vision am ? ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign
Sweet , sweet story . NYTimes : A Doll ? s Magic , Free to Renew
A New Housing Boom ? Don ’ t Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER -
" ( UK fave ) " Mate , why don 't skip killing people night ? It 's too cold . " -NYC murderers in last 9 days
Take that Texas . White House Rejects Petitions to Secede , but Texans Fight On
No Deal on Teacher 's Union Evaluations ; NYC Risks Losing $ 450 Million
Interesting perspective ... NYTimes : A New Housing Boom ? Don ’ t Count on It
Battle behind China 's ' Firewall'
NYTimes : Analysis of Armstrong ? s Interview With Winfrey it 's shame ( but we know it ) # congrutalionlance
Too many s * tty men in India : another gang rape
Vodka is saving lives ! Well , a puppy 's life ...
jl # NYT : U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody # p2 # topprog
Loving the street style from the # Couture in # Paris # Fashion
asked many people ( including yours truly ) if # LanceArmstrong deserves another chance . Interesting views
Travel photos that you wish you had taken -
# Pentagon to lift combat ban for women ... How about banning combat for men ? ?
Doing Good ( and Burnishing Images Too ) # celebrity # charity
Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions
'Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners , ' and more in this cat story .
Union membership falls to 97-year low , 11.3 % . People will still find ways to blame them for everything .
Who spends so much money on food ? That 's so retarded : ) The Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire
# Google Gains From Creating Apps for # iPhone . Google Maps is # 1 # App .
Get it together Sun ( # Oracle ) ! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java . # CyberSecurity
unreal ? : If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director . ?
Tragic . My thoughts and prayers go out to all ... " At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "
Potentially explosive legal battle : Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins : Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines , ...
Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making .
Holy crap ! : ( " 2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London "
U.S. single-malt # whiskey has arrived
Allergy-bullying ? Apparently this is a real problem .
World awaits Oprah 's Armstrong interview not me I 'm not watching
Homicide # 2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns
A Library doll is loaned out to children :
Senate holds key to fixing Washington - thanks for that insight Ari # p2 # tcot
# Cuba restricts travel for ' skilled ' people
what is driving our growth in government spending # facts
It 's a start ! Kudos to this kid ! ! ! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade
Obama-backed gun bills a long shot . " This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on . "
Beyond the media 's coverage of her emotions , # Clinton put out good info : Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings
2 # France : We 're not the pacifists you think
Change the rules = Prez Romney : “ : Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats ”
As Seen on TV ! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture
: Report : 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces
Pray they 'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant , wife calling off divorce -
Harrowing stories : Broken limbs , torn lives in northern # Mali
# NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal ; Approval Expected by Saturday # ABASAL # Antitrust
Over 50 , and Under No Illusions Over 50 ? Invent yourself everyday !
The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil ? NYTimes : Swarming a Book Online
Cool stuff : 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 -
At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire . : (
So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire .
Ouch , possibly ? “ : NYTimes : Japan ’ s Business Culture Hovers Over Boeing ’ s Battery Choice ”
What a loss of a great & inspirational mind ! Internet Activist , a Creator of RSS , Is Dead at 26 , Apparently a Suicide
It 's Jail Time , Charlie Brown
At long last , the truth ... Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify
I am calling BS ! ! ! NYTimes : Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context
If you 're a skier or snow-boarder , you 'll dig these : On Snowy Slopes , Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen .
David Gergen says Obama 's 2nd inaugural will deepen division . # Didn 'tSeeItComing
Please Read : ' s piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in # Syria :
# CSIS388 _ Dave Facebook disrupting online dating
U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp # pppj # # p # pl # # # p # # # p
I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . One of the only things I would agree with Howard on .
So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network . - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal
NYTimes : She ’ s ( Rarely ) the Boss smart , as usual
Wow " : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : "
Hot # Luxury news : Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land ? , see more
Everyone should read ' s CNN column from today :
# BREAKING : # Police clash with # protesters calling for dissolution of # Pakistan 's government -
Mubarak goes to jail
Honestly where are people 's rights being ruined in Obama ? s Gun Control Proposal
This is odd ! tsk ! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person
Great to have in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President 's push for gun control .
The classic American fame and blame game . The Point of Lance
# Djokovic sets sights on # Paris party
# Pakistan ’ s Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry
Kinship care & siblings : After # FosterCare Yrs , a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters
Looks like we could get something right
You should read this : The Lifting of a Veil , Discreetly
Interesting Piece ! Being Bin Laden # films # zerodarkthirty
U ds boi ehn " : Piers slams guest over AR-15s "
Bad tweet ( news ) of the day " : For Rape Victims in India , Police r Often Part of Problem reports "
These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing
Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign # Zeman # CzechRepublic
Artley : Getting 10 million Twitter followers
hmmm she 's filing for bankruptcy ..
# Mali Need Not Be France ? s Afghanistan
War on Evil ? War on Sociopaths ? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff .
be safe. i 've heard on the news about china 's air pollution that is terrible
A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo
NYTimes : D. Brainerd Holmes , a Leader in Space Race , Dies at 91
179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $ 50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for # Sandy Victims
Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about # climate change .
NYT Most Emailed : Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles : The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199 ...
It is laughable to believe the whole story , they never met ? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te ? o Swirl
Who 'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian ? NYT : Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran , Dies at 88
'Vampire Diaries ' spinoff coming to The CW , it 's based in Nola !
Poor creature MT Amid 2d-guessing , marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal .
CNN : Egypt clashes : A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe ...
lance armstrong quotes , pure gold
Gas prices creep up a bit
Indian Star ( Sania Mirza ) Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl
Parent is defined as a point of origin . I 'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben . Not by a very long measure
New # Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile ( phew ! ) - rather a new feature , # GraphSearch .
Parsing What Jodie Foster Did ( and Didn 't ) Say Gotta be honest : I had not idea what she was saying . # goldenglobes
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS , Is Dead at 26 , Apparently a Suicide .
MT : NY Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals \ \ the importance of disaster OM
a case when you might want to take someone else 's shit ...
Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling . NYTimes : Looking Upstream in Doping Cases
# Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any # Veteran Who Wants a # Job
awful way to go out ... " : At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "
The importance of taking a day off
Care of the Elderly : the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels .
NYTimes : Talking , Walking Objects ( this is a fantasy world for geeky me )
I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes : Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify
What a dope ( r ) ... NYTimes : Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify
'Million Man March ' Threatens # Pakistan Capital - CNN ,
This is gonna be fantastic for entertainment :
" : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . " Please tell me he said good grief ...
, is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist , anti-Semitic posters , via
Flu season is here , let 's clear something up : " Do I Need a Flu Shot if I ? ve Had the Flu ? "
Kobe Bryant , wife say they are calling off # divorce -
Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service
Did you read the # Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers ? Liza Lee was interviewed . # edchat
MT Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance
uhhhh 10 reasons we can 't get enough Gosling yummie
Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch ( from )
NYTimes : GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby .
Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing :
Florida 's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest . - ...
Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to # Chicago Love it . Great call & Congrats
180 ! “ : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire ”
Are you better off " playing for a tie " in # investing :
Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise
For Obama ? s New Term , Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT
Worst nightmare ! " : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : "
Anyone tried this ? ? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs
Damn , maybe I shouldn 't be so sanguine about the London fog :
# NYC school bus drivers go on strike NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime
How about a path to # citizenship for those already caught crossing the # border ? # Citizenship Path in One Fast Push
Good Read . Agree - Mostly " : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades "
J.J. Abrams set to direct ? Star Wars : Episode VII ?
To face someone that already shot a student .. " : I 'm no hero , says teacher who talked down armed student . "
( ) Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world . # FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire .
Tea Party Unhappy . Fox News Fires Sarah # Palin
on point ... 5 Wine Words Not to Fear
See also : NYTimes : In Quebec , a Celebration on Skis
Life begins at conception , unless cas is involved .
This would be a very , very bad idea DPRK . North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions :
In N.A.A.C.P. , Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban hmmmmmmmm . . . .
About damn time ! ! ! New York governor signs nation 's first gun-control bill since Newtown -
Unemployment in # Spain Climbs Again , With No Relief in Sight ...
Timothy Cook , Apple ? s CEO , said the pipeline of products was ? chock-full . ? ? We feel great about what we have in store ?
Read that Facebook has launched a new tool ( ) to search its huge database of social graph data .
Don 't know why I can 't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause
I wish I could see this , it sounds cool ! Second Stage Adds ' Nobody Loves You'
NYTimes : # LindaRissPugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75 # crazylove
3D version of ? Top Gun ? was rejected by # China 's censors . The line " religion is darkness ' in " Life of Pi " gt the X too
. Kobe just saved about $ 100 Mil
NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry 's few good spokespeople .
RIP I have no words : ( At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire -
Property Values : What You Get for ... $ 1.6 Million
# Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by in the NYTimes
India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards ? ?
Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants ! ! !
# Britain ’ s Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on # EuropeanUnion
Where in the world is Àfrica ? Selection of the Boeing 787 's Battery Maker Raises Questions
women have ' taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed . ' 
Justice Thomas hasn 't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said " Well he did not "
Kids can 't trust anyone ! ! " : 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers : "
Pentagon to lift combat ban
U.S. , other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk ( CNN )
I don 't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US
Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse ? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got ' em . # NabeJoint
HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go : The producers says he 's gotten the rights from th ...
This is interesting - NYTimes : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades
Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta
Great idea " : Should make capital gains regressive over time , based upon how long capital invested # StartupAct "
Pentagon breaking news , this going to be a big debate .
Omo dey go tey : Opinion : Nigerians still waiting for their ' African Spring ' Sowore -
Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware * Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland -
Online internet Aaron Swartz commits suicide , relative says
Got a flu shot ? Exercising can make it work even better. from
For # Armstrong it 's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always . # doprah
Disruptions : Design Rivals Technology in Importance : Nice quotes !
Before there was Dear Sugar , there was Deary Abby : Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions , Dies at 94
" France Is Increasing Security at Sites in # Niger and at Home . " # Uranium # Mali
On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts : # dailywhale
N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions
Training Tips From Star Athletes # motivation # fitness
Interesting article ! She ’ s ( Rarely ) the Boss
Christensen : We are living capitalist 's dilemma
the ginger in me loves that world 's # 1 bachelor is part of the # gingerfamily
: - \ HMV gone into bankruptcy equivalent ...
Really people ? ? ? ? : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?
British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case
DAILY REVIEW : Selected Letters of William Styron # Review
You 'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed .
You should check the conditions of your journal using the SHERPA / RoMEO list .
It is not completely true that failures are not published .
I started one with that goal in mind back in high school ( I 'm in college now ) .
I am not aware of any university run participant pools .
Citing online articles without a clear author depends on the citation format .
http : / / www.higheredjobs.com They have jobs broken down by Job Category , Region , and Institution Type .
Apart from admission ( which normally should not be related to age ) , there is something that 's related to your question .
Receiving an invitation to help out at a NSF or NIH study session is highly unlikely and logistically difficult .
It might be worth mentioning this while you are applying for PhD positions .
So far , I think this is better to make a rotation of the instructor .
I think it predominately depends on how you are accessing the other university 's resources .
Yes , high-profile journals do typically edit figures for style and consistency .
Aeismail makes an important point about location : what 's standard in Germany differs from what 's standard in the US .
I have been using a mode for Emacs called Org-mode to track my research and do project planning .
What 's the best way to make corrections to a published paper ?
I recently attended the annual meetings of the European Economic Association .
If you 're a first / second year grad student , go because you have to .
To add to other answers : How often one publishes in the most prestigious general journals ( e.g .
I think that the problem is that often many professors underestimate the PhD student 's will and personal scientific aims .
This post refers to research in the STEM fields , and may not be applicable to other research topics .
HaL ( " hyper archive en ligne " ) is a French open archive repository that covers all fields .
If you don 't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro , as @ schultem mentions , LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks .
I think your method ( thesis title in the education section ) is the standard one .
I think it really depends on how long you plan to work without salary .
My practice is to replace the initial preprint with the postprint as soon as it is accepted .
Doing outstanding research is what ultimately matters , not the rank of the university .
I don 't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically .
Your question likely indicates that you need to work on your communication with your advisor .
If your paper are on arXiv you can use myarticles widget .
I know that TikZ was mentioned already , but I think it deserve its own answer .
plain text / markup language For mathematics , I think TeX / LaTeX is the way to go .
I 've seen three common ways of funding staff - undoubtedly there are more .
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to ?
A good starting point would be to talk to your research advisor about how to handle this , and follow his / her advice .
You could ask members of your doctoral committee to write you a letter of recommendation each .
You should do what makes you happy and you find interesting .
If you have access to it , you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters ’ Web of Science portal .
I did this in the earlier stages of my career , when every little bit of CV weight helped .
I can also add some other pointer I 've come to learn over the years on what constitutes a good reviews .
A strong factor for most people will be the financial impact , i.e .
I would allow rescheduling , but be sure to use a different exam .
I have frequently had to micromanage my students ' presentations and writeups .
I 'm going to answer this question based on my understanding of copyright law in the United Kingdom .
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster .
In my field a peer reviewed article counts for a lot more than a chapter in an edited book .
For everything that have been reviewed AND permanently archived then the bibliography is fine .
Many universities have a unit devoted to providing support with grant applications .
I agree with the other answer that this is a normal occurrence .
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give .
There are no services to help you get that coursework accredited .
In my very personal opinion MDPI is an reputable publisher , but their journals are not first-class .
I think what you are asking can be carried out using Web of Science .
aeismail 's answer points out two very important points : the deal-breakers and the PD purgatory .
The biggest problem with such repositories is that someone has to maintain them .
In general , I believe , that graduate science education is not a good choice from a purely financial standpoint .
As you do more things , you can become more selective with what you list .
I have one addendum to the great answers by F 'x Pedro , and Henry .
One thing that I haven 't seen mentioned yet is intellectual property rights .
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries .
A book I would recommend is Kosslyn 's Graph Design for the Eye and Mind .
If you can re-take the GREs without undue burden -- yes , re-take them .
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !
http : / / www.glassdoor.com / works by getting anonymous information from users and sharing it .
" All of the above " ... but maybe not wanting a book that started from a primer on Linear Algebra .
This is such a loaded question I 'm hesitant to answer .
At some universities , a Post-Doctoral Fellow is a different title than a Post-Doctoral Researcher due to federal regulations in the USA .
For presentations , when you are using graphics from other papers , you refer to the paper .
Remember that Europe is a big place , comprised of lots of different countries .
Here 's an answer based on my experience in the United States .
A link to a profile page that makes it clear you 're a grad student should be enough .
is there a way to measure my own reviewing bias ?
I 'll tackle the easiest side of the question first : bringing nothing should not create trouble .
Applying to Masters Program does not really depend on one single factor but a variety of factors .
I feel like pointing out that the very use of the word ' productivity ' reflects a certain kind of bias towards " quantity " .
PubMedCentral gives you full text and their API may be able to do it .
This recent Nature news item would seem to suggest rather strongly that SCIRP is not a serious outfit .
I checked the peer review policy of Nature and Science , I guess that should is the best we can get .
I don 't know how common it is , but certainly some institutions allow student papers .
Edit , again : The question seems to have changed , yet again .
True story : a bottle of wine ( well , maybe just half a bottle ) .
Script only the introduction I can only echo what Artem said about the disadvantages of a script .
I agree with Seteropere completely , " Network Science " is a very broad subject .
I prefer to group definitions of notation and symbols with the typical " List of ... " elements .
If you use bibtex , then you can batch edit with things like sed , awk , or simple find / replace in any text editor .
I think the answer to your question is very dependent on your subject and the culture of that research area .
The first rule , as usual , is : what is expected of you ?
I would say that it depends on the complexity you get out of it .
How many publications or conference papers would you get out of this work ?
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner ( rather than privately or discreetly ) is a personality problem .
When asking a question , it is desirable to explicitly establish a non-confrontational tone .
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !
If there 's a medical reason for it and the student can produce an appropriate doctor 's certificate or what not .
This does not fully answer your question , but it is certainly one consideration .
TV-L is the German public servant remuneration grade table ( Tarifvertrag für den Öffentlichen Dienst der Länder ( TV-L ) ) .
nobody cares about your university , the only important thing at least in Europe is your CV .
The biggest obstacle is that you haven 't been through a Ph.D. program .
A few possible problems : 1 ) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive .
Short answer : The full name is Izvestiya Akademii Nauk SSSR , Tekhnicheskaya Kibernetika .
In your case , how do you find 14 good leaders from 70 students ?
It depends on whether the black hole is rotating or not .
As an complement to the other answers , let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking .
Stars are rotating , but that 's not the cause for their stability .
Of course the apparent relative sizes of the sun and moon are coincidental .
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy ( M31 ) and The Milky Way ( MW ) are en route to a collision .
Stellar mass black holes form from the collapse of massive stars at the end of their lives .
The metal content of the Solar system is completely dominated by the Sun .
The short answer is : we are made from the " stuff " contributed by many stars .
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us .
When you sit in a car , and you suddenly brake , you feel the change in velocity .
There is no ' still ' that is not relative to some other object .
Like Chris said above , stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum .
The light will eventually reach galaxy B even though the space between them is expanding .
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd .
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle .
Dark matter , is just a name for something we know nothing of .
Compared to the planets the moon changes it 's rise and set times very quickly .
We are moving " ... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km / s towards the constellation Leo " .
Yes , it 's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin .
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13 .
You 'll probably need spectrometer data to distinguish and identify spectral lines .
To complete Envite 's answer , I would point that you can easily experience that irregularity yourself .
4 billion years is the same timeframe of the life remaining to our Sun .
The outer shell of the star contains still a lot of hydrogen , after running out of fuel .
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m / s , and not ( for instance ) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10 ^ 44 m / s ?
Molten Iron and hot sand - it 's not easy to think of something more extreme than this .
What you 're asking , basically , is whether there are any proofs for the heliocentric model of the Solar System .
It very much depends on where on the globe you are in terms of your latitude .
Only a very small fraction of the elements in the core the supernova get converted into heavier elements .
As per your definition , a star formed in a binary system ( hence near some gravitating body ) is a generalised planet .
One additional source of evidence comes from other spiral galaxies .
What you 're asking , basically , is whether there are any proofs for the heliocentric model of the Solar System .
Naively , I would say that you 're looking for a periodicity in the luminosity .
The energy density of the universe is quite well known .
Even though I 'm a professional astronomer ( but not an expert on this field ) , I don 't have a good answer .
Light may account for a small portion of dark matter , but it is unlikely to account for most / all of it .
The mass luminosity relation is non-linear ( L = M ^ 3.5 for the main sequence ) so more massive stars burn at a much faster rate .
Well , when two black holes collide a new black hole is created .
There is a prior answer here claiming that " a moon with a moon would be an unstable system " .
As far as I know all accretion disks are prograde .
From 1979 to 1999 , Pluto was the eighth planet from the sun .
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry .
The light will eventually reach galaxy B even though the space between them is expanding .
Like Afzaal Ahmad said black holes evaporate through Hawking radiation , proposed by Stephen Hawking in 1974 .
You 're experiencing a few issues all of which have one solution .
Space , as we experience it , is simply three-dimensional Euklidean ( flat ) space .
Stars can form in circumstellar disks , that are , in general , disks surrounding forming stars , but not in protoplanetary disks .
The farther away , the faster the galaxies move away from us .
The programs I am aware of that you could use do require some programming expertise to operate .
Main difference ( beyond mass , which we can extrapolate to make giant clusters and small galaxies touch ) is star age .
No , the orbiting rocket was not visible to the naked eye .
From a ( more ) physics standpoint our acceleration on earth is basically zero from what we can feel .
After all these astronomic answers , I will add a computer one .
I think you mean to ask , " What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich ? " .
I believe your confusion is from combining two popular simplifications of our Universe .
Yes , we always look into the past , when looking somewhere .
This is one of the great remaining mysteries of the universe .
Yes , binary comets do exist ; 8P / Tuttle is an example of one .
No - Distances between objects get larger , but galaxies and clusters are dominated locally by gravity .
Nickel plating can improve the surface , but it 's not easy in detail : paper on nickel plating .
The colorful patterns of gas are caused by excitation of gas atoms , e.g .
This has not been answered yet for sure I guess .
There are a few more elements which you might consider .
Gravitational lensing is the effect that large amounts of gravity have on the path of light .
Pluto : It was disqualified as a planet because orbital dominance was not achieved in the case of Pluto .
No , not all total lunar eclipses will turn the Moon deep red .
What I mean to say is , how are the characteristics of event horizon related to Space-Time ?
In addition to Undo 's fine answer , I would like to explain a bit about the motivation behind the definition .
charon and pluto are tidally locked , as is the moon to the earth .
Stars form in star-formation regions , which itself develop from molecular clouds .
If so by how much does it " spoil " the view of stars and galaxies etc .
Well , Kepler has explained that 2 randomly moving objects , attracted towards each other , will always form elliptical orbits .
Dark matter , is just a name for something we know nothing of .
A black hole ( briefly ) , is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses .
I 'm not sure I understand your question entirely , but i 'll do my best to offer a decent answer .
Astronomers use this system simply because it is ( was ) convenient .
In the upper photosphere , the electrons join with the ions to neutralize the atom .
Over the past 150 years , telescope technology has improved immensely , so we can now see much further than in the past .
Temperature ( $ T _ { eff } $ ) can be quite tricky to determine accurately as it interrelates to a number of other fundamental measurements .
We have not discovered every galaxy in existence , nor have we watched each to see how it is spinning .
Asphalt roads do a great job at heating up cities !
It appears that way because there is more land reflecting sun light to your retina at the edges .
Molten Iron and hot sand - it 's not easy to think of something more extreme than this .
Yes , but it does not stay in the same constellation .
There are a few incorrect assumptions in your post , so it is difficult to answer as asked .
It depends on what you plan on using it for .
yes , the equinox will drift over time , but the seasons will not invert every 13000 years .
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies .
The objects in a galaxy orbit it 's center as a planet does with it 's star , they keep the same distance .
Yes , stacking Barlow lenses is a common practice to effectively increase focal length by multiplying their individual focal lengths .
It turned out to be not real GRB event , just a false alarm .
The simple answer is yes , because magnetic fields extend to infinity .
It may be specified from South westwards ( 0 ° to 360 ° ) , or from North eastwards and westwards ( 180 ° to -180 ° ) .
The answers provided to this question so far seem to be good .
Short Answer : We won 't have to worry about the Galactic Empire any time soon .
As Yashbhatt said , we can detect light : with our eyes ( visible light only ) and with special machines .
the composition of an exoplanet is what is being referred to when someone calls it earth-like .
Black holes can evaporate through a quantum process known as Hawking Radiation and that 's it .
The simple answer is ( as with so much in astronomy ) : We Don 't Know Parallel universes may or may not exist .
They don 't attract gravitational force ; they have mass , so they exert a gravitational influence upon other objects .
This discussion of intrinsic and extrinsic motivation covers most of what you are after .
I can only think of one way to attempt to experience death .
Time perception is active field of study in psychology and neuroscience .
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript ( github link ) .
Here is a way to ignite curiosity about certain objects .
I am not an expert , but I have given this question a fair bit of thought .
It 's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert .
It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations , because emotion can contain both .
I 've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question : prototype theory .
I just realised that I could share something more helpful and so another answer .
In addition to Mike 's suggestion , see the Ratcliff diffusion model and variants thereof .
Scientists studying the matter generally believe multitasking , and women 's superiority at it , to be a myth .
Here is an interesting article on NPR about an AI version of the famous Milgram experiment ( i.e .
It could be the case that it takes time to like some thinks .
I 'm using your example , because another example would lead to a different interpretation .
In short , there is no simple answer to your question .
Yes -- I would look into the literature of attitude change .
There 's a very small percent of people who enjoy the adrenaline of mental exhaustion .
In chimpz , we see stronger chimps beating up weaker chimps that have consensual sex .
Just a very brief note : in some cultures , sex does not appear to have been confined to private space .
( 2006 ) provide the most comprehensive overview of models in this domain .
No , that is not the current model of human vision .
Let me give you some background to your question first .
It sounds like you are interested in the Spacing Effect .
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometimes called eidetic memory .
Currently , no such high-level maps based directly on human cortex exist ( as far as I can tell ) .
Yes , writing increases the modality and attention given to a piece of information .
Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations , covariance and probabilities .
As mentioned in the other comments , ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables .
In my experience , there are people who like to follow instructions and those who don 't .
It 's a little unclear to me from what you 've said that your efforts are truly affecting your brother 's ideas .
The problem with this question is that the answer depends on your definition of psychological health .
Q : What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme ( or not ) situations ?
You think that minor changes would make the scale better ( e.g. , by adding / removing an item ; tweaking the wording ) .
The remembering of specific events is known as Episodic memory , and you can find plenty about it online .
Trolling is a complex subject now under serious study in science fields ( e.g .
Just a very brief note : in some cultures , sex does not appear to have been confined to private space .
The location of a sound is defined on three dimensions : distance , elevation , and azimuth .
In the scene , it looks like the therapist is confronting a correctly identified repressed belief .
I don 't know if this is helpful , but I would chime in as a programmer .
Sounds no more dubious than the pop-psychological view of Neandertals in general .
I think a good option would be to use a general purpose language .
If a problem is complex , it means that it has many components .
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity .
Kinda : p The overwhelming consensus is that it has more to do with brain / body mass ratios .
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors .
Another option is to program in C / C + + using the Tscope library .
This question asks about Psychological journal that focuses on publishing interesting psychological datasets journals where you can publish psychological data .
This answer is meant to add more information in addition to the one above .
The question is slightly confused I feel , so I am not sure there is a good answer .
Henderson summarizes very well a number of approaches on human gaze control during real-world scenes and tasks .
I 'm not sure the article really covers the economic aspects .
I 'd suggest checking out the Linear Ballistic Accumulator ( Donkin et al . , 2011 ) model for a scenario like this .
@ Jeromy Anglim : I 'm actually creating a serial response time task ( a widely used learning task ) for the iPad now .
When studying adult IQ , general adult norms are often used .
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $ 10 $ , but also for $ 6 $ , so that 's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers .
According with the description of Mary , I think that she would devalue her best friend .
As he says , it 's a " cybernetic cycle linking the organism to its environment " .
I imagine most software designed for creating psychological experiments will be able to do this .
There is a processing fluency theory that explains it quite nicely .
I believe these two beautiful articles target just what you are looking for : Niv , Y. , Joel , D. , Meilijson , I. , & Ruppin , E. ( 2008 ) .
As a neuroscientist , I would be highly doubtful of any neuroscientific ' evidence ' about this phenomenon ( if it exists ) .
The answer presumably depends on how you conceptualise the experience of the time traveller relative to the time travel .
I can only provide a vocabulary with which someone else may answer your second question .
If your time constraint isn 't too strict , I would say its well worth it .
Reading list As @ Jeff has mentioned Tom Griffiths has several useful resources .
It 's interesting to note that until 1973 , homosexuality was classified as a paraphilia .
These are interesting studies , but the bottom line is : yes , environment affects cognitive abilities .
I 've discussed a lot of this recently on my answer to this question : Are there recent theories on physiognomy ?
The conclusions drawn in Inoue & Matsuzawa 's ( 2007 ) study , which seems to be available here , are suspect .
This phenomena is much more common than most people realize .
It seems that it is still a matter of debate whether animals are capable of mind wandering .
There are multiple reasons why we may like or dislike certain kind of music .
I wonder if Hungarian is particularly good in this way .
Another relevant resource might be Stephen Kosslyn 's Clear and to the Point .
What you 're thinking of is called an Intermittent Reinforcement Schedule .
One might argue that the skill of critical thinking is the sum of the goal of higher education .
It is possible that hiccups are a psychological response to excitement , stress or as a way to generate attention .
If I understand you correctly , you are trying to learn about good practice in designing studies involving subjective scales ?
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers , I don 't know that there is a common consensus .
As I am from an education background -I can 't do , so I teach .
The basic effect can be accounted for by connectionist models .
If non-human animals do have intelligence too , why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans ?
So your independent variable is the bug , and your dependent variable is apple size .
I know 2 explanations to such seemingly irrational behaviour in cognitive science .
The cardinal diagnostic trait of " multiple personalities , " or dissociative identity disorder ( DID ) , is dissociative states .
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings .
It sounds like you are talking about random allocation of participants to groups for the purpose of running a between-subjects experiment .
Some of the experiences you are describing ( e.g. , psychedelic states , daydreaming and sleep ) are examples of Altered States of Consciousness .
For a comprehensive review , see : Berg , D.A. , Belnoue , L. , Song , H. , Simon A .
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath ?
Biological Neural Networks : It refers to our brain neural activities .
In the book " Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast : The Evolutionary Origins of Belief " , Wolpert ( 2007 ) discusses the evolutionary origins of belief .
One could say that brain is not hardwired for abstract ideas ... why ?
Because a majority of the people are just too plain stupid .
These lines seem to be anchored on non-arbitrary points , but their flatness ( lack of curves / bumps ) may be somewhat arbitrary .
Human-computer interaction describes the creation of programs that use colors effectively .
The number of samples that are necessary for a good parameter estimation does indeed depend on the estimation method .
This seems related to the literature on multiple-cue probability learning ( MCPL ) .
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $ 10 $ , but also for $ 6 $ , so that 's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers .
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper , then put them into ziploc freezer bags .
Do not store coffee in a refrigerator for daily use .
French Toast is called Pain Perdu in French , which means reclaimed bread .
I 've got quite a few recipes that use chickpeas on my blog .
You can do it sans machine , but you are limited to small batches , and it tends to form crystals .
If the alcohol isn 't a problem , you could mix some Irish Whiskey with cream and sugar to approximate Bailey 's .
If I have good beef broth I 'd make French Onion soup which needs a very meaty stock .
The syrup makes it much easier to sweeten the lemonade .
You can also try cooking the entire bird at a high temperature for a shorter time .
When I make French Onion soup I slice my onions very thin .
In addition to oil , make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking .
I compare it with several other recipes of the same , similar dish .
Your cooking oil breaks down because of particulate that suspends in the oil as you cook in it .
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling .
I scrape any crusted-on stuff ( like pizza cheese ) then rinse with water to get any soot off .
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour .
The best thing I 've figured out about turning eggs is : do not do it too early .
As long as there hasn 't been a recent chemical , biological , or nuclear attack you should be fine .
I use a similar recipe , unfortunately I don 't remember the original source , but I 've changed over time anyway .
I place mine in an oiled bowl , covered with a damp tea-towel on top of the heating boiler .
My guess is water evaporated from the coppa and the flavors got more concentrated as a result .
I haven 't tried this , but I 've heard summer squash makes a good substitute as well .
What may be easier is to get unsweetened chocolate ( Baker 's is the most common brand around here ) .
I 've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs .
I just use a blogspot blog to post them on , works pretty well .
The Hairy Bikers have made a Beer Sabayon before to serve with seafood .
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater .
This site will convert weights to volumes , and says that you should use .53 of a US cup .
I 've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn .
I thought I hated chili growing up because my mother made it with straight kidney beans .
Break the bulb into cloves , breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle .
A light syrup is what the pros use , so I wouldn 't worry about it making anything too sweet .
Keeps the Dog from stealing the meat on the grill !
I store most of my home-made granola in Food Saver canisters .
If you 're cooking something that is likely to spill over , you might want to remove it .
Yes it 's possible , they just won 't be nearly as fluffy and yummy .
I managed to find this recipe , I think this is where I got the idea .
I believe one cannot taste the difference between minced ( canned ) and fresh garlic once it is cooked .
Since you note that the inside was nice and juicy , I doubt that salting 30 minutes in advance was the culprit .
As long as you complete the salmon 's cooking in the sauce , it 's fine .
I would recommend Bottomfeeder if you 're interested in this topic .
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on .
Throw it in the oven on about 200 F for 20 minutes or so .
Another way to remove impurities from water is to just let it sit .
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer , then pan sear it .
I belive you also want to move more at the wrist than at the elbow .
They don 't taste identical at all , and even more important , they don 't smell the same .
If you can figure a way to thaw them safely , I 'd use frozen beer in beer bread .
First they will absorb water so the cooking will be different , if only for a reduced time .
Similar to @ Nick 's CSA suggestion , I 've got friends who formed a ( sort of ) food conglomerate .
I 've always cooked it on top of aluminum foil , at 350 ° F ( ~ 175 ° C ) for 20 minutes .
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased .
I use a baking pan , and a dough recipe that results in more Sicilian type pie .
Bar Keeper 's Friend in powdered form and some elbow grease will solve this problem .
The best thing I 've figured out about turning eggs is : do not do it too early .
Agreed on the OXO Good Grips - I 've purchased some for a relative with Parkinson 's .
I don 't know about " lighter " , but one of the thing missing from what you 've listed are vegetables .
ClearJel is a product you may want to look at .
Since you specified the ' bbq ' tag , I 'm assuming you 're asking about barbecue .
I can 't see any reason for the marinating itself to make any difference .
I don 't think I 've ever head of a kitchen tool like that .
I 've never put oil on spaghetti 's water and i 've never seen anyone doing it here in Italy .
Turn your heat down and leave it on the grill longer .
Since we don 't drink alcohol at home , I don 't ever have real wine at home .
Didn 't wanna just add this since it 's not free , but cooksillustrated.com has almost all of CI 's well-tested , easy-to-follow recipes .
Just add half a teaspoon ( or even less ) of white sugar .
I was taught to sift then measure , and to scrape the excess off with a knife .
If you 're going to use the egg yolks without freezing them you 'll typically need to use them the same day .
I don 't do sourdough in warm weather , it wastes too much flour .
Fairly standard fonduta recipe : dice fontina and just cover with milk , leave to sit for a few hours .
For something requiring no preparation , my first choice would be Maggi Sauce , which is non-soy based .
It 's not dangerous but it significantly impacts the quality of the meat .
Another option is to put the cream in a well-sealed jar ( i.e .
And of course ( setting aside any actual food safety concerns ) , you should just trust your nose and palate .
Since your example is guacamole , can I very highly recommend ( ta-da ) Authentic Mexican , by Rick Bayless ?
There are two general approaches to making chicken juicy in the oven .
Gourmet Sleuth can help you with its advanced conversion calculators .
Bread machines only make loaves the shape of the container .
Various references , including this one from Lantic sugar note the shelf-life of granulated white sugar as indefinite or effectively forever .
First of all , I highly recommend you buy an Aeropress .
I 've had a few Label Rouge chickens and definitely found them more tasty and richer flavored .
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need .
The Guardian just put out a list of the " top 50 best cookbooks of all time " .
I 've come across two great , and very different , types of steak .
( Storage note : do not wash the bulbs before storing them ; place in plastic bag in the refrigerator .
The meat ' is ready ' when certain temperature inside it is reached .
That happened to me with margarine instead of olive oil .
Dijon has a strong taste from the liquid they use in it ( it 's not quite vinegar , not quite wine ) .
Unless you 're really space limited , why not grow several varieties of peppers ?
There are the temperatures recommended by the USDA and then there are the temperatures recommended for taste .
You know , I 'm right there with you on the sacrilege part , but nowadays I microwave pasta all the time .
It actually depends on the quality of the shortening you 're able to get .
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round .
The primary flavors of Greek meats are lemon , oregano , and olive oil .
A lot of Asian recipes use it as a simple form of batter .
If you 're in the UK Lakeland sell Stayfresh Longer bags : http : / / www.lakeland.co.uk / stayfresh-longer-bags / F / keyword / vegtable + bags / product / 1932 _ 1094 _ 1092 which really work extremely well .
Use a vegetable peeler to peel of large strips of rind .
What about Tofu It 's essentially the coagulated soy milk , pressed into blocsk .
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on / in it - could it be that ?
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties ( heats quickly , distributes heat evenly , etc .
She obviously has a legit excuse , although she could have been more responsible and " have " told you in advance .
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her .
I agree with others ( and yourself ) in that I have never heard this phrase in English .
The assertion is false , at least as you 've restated it here .
Usually , blue moon appears in the phrase , once in a blue moon .
I would expect ( and accept ) native speakers of the language in question to use the foreign pronunciation of foreign words .
It is seat , as reported in this article or this blog post .
I 'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language ( s ) of your students .
And the Irish are the niggers of Europe , Roddy Doyle tells us .
I see some references to status as uncountable as well , but that doesn 't make much sense to me .
If I understand you correctly , you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion .
As you stated in the question , “ if it were me ” is more common .
“ The D Word ” , in the context of an article about marriage , is divorce .
Most people don 't know how to use whom and get it entirely wrong , but that doesn 't mean it 's archaic .
Firstly , you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes : the en dash and the em dash .
I 've always understood it to be 552 ( units of ) horsepower , where units of is understood and rarely spoken .
It 's a joke on mistakes made with the English language by foreign countries .
Neither word is a proper noun , so technically neither should be capitalized .
In the U.S. , " buffalo " and " bison " are used interchangeably for the species Bison bison ( latin name ) .
I think the main reason is a rhythm of pronunciation .
I 've had people tell me I 'm wrong for saying kludge , that kluge is the right pronunciation .
I actually believe that there are some Germanic influences in the British English pronunciation of the word .
Pardon the brevity of this answer , but I would say " named " is preferred within the context of your example .
In standard English , I think " don 't got " has the same register as " ain 't " .
He doesn 't is correct , because it is the contraction of He does not .
This situation , where a pronoun comes after a form of the verb " to be " , is called a predicate nominative .
Irritation is relatively mild and is something you find annoying but can handle without a lot of grief .
I think both are technically correct , but the former sounds much better .
In this particular case the correct word to use is ' less ' , since ' people ' is a mass / collective noun .
The " more posh " words are usually Latin ( occasionally Greek ) in origin .
I 'm American , and I 've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John 's .
As a native speaker of American English , I 'll say that it 's at least not a widely used variant .
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism .
In general English disallows using two different direct possessives together in the some noun phrase .
I believe " try and do " is more of an oral expression , but has the same meaning as " try to do " .
I don 't think I have ever heard the second version in the US before .
There 's a lot of variation because of the specific sounds involved .
To me , it 's not a matter of gentleness or political correctness .
I always assumed it 's like the difference between " readable " and " legible " .
I prefer engaging , although Mike 's captivating is a pretty close synonym and also good .
In American English , the contracted form ’ ve is only possible as an auxiliary verb .
The best answer I have found so far is here .
A New York Times search reveals it is fairly common in the US .
" Keep score " is a ( slightly ) idiomatic expression that means " keeping track of the score " .
Shade often deals with being sheltered from the sun and does not necessarily have strongly defined edges .
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that .
If there 's no conjunction at the end of the list ( and / or for example ) , then a comma is required .
I believe that disk is American English whilst disc is English English .
As an American English speaker , I have never heard borrow off , always borrow from .
The New Oxford American Dictionary reports that Pardon my French is an informal phrase used to apologize for swearing .
It makes a bit more sense if you consider quotes that contain several sentences .
I 'd leave it singular unless talking about a range such as " 0.25 - 2 miles " .
The subject of the sentence were the payments , and not the total number of payments , therefore were is correct .
" Religious practice " is far more common than " religious praxis " ( 500 000 vs. 15 000 results in Google ) .
As others have said , " ten of six " , though not used in many English speaking areas , would be understood as 5 : 50 .
In this case at the end is the only proper answer .
As adjective , the NOAD defines yearling as having lived or existed for a year ; a year old .
Google found 12.900.000 ( approximately ) matches for benefiting , but only 1.210.000 for benefitting .
We discussed this in a linguistics course I took in college .
These terms actually have fairly precise definitions , although they 're sometimes used with a bit of liberty .
This sounds more like a cultural difference that is reflected in the usage of the language .
Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this " singular they " on various " logical " grounds .
I 'd say the Oxford English Dictionary is the definitive British English dictionary .
I 'm a native English speaker ( American ) and have trouble with American movies .
I 'm a native English speaker ( American ) and have trouble with American movies .
Based on your revised question ... Generally , one doesn 't refer to a task as being " due " without including a date .
A person would only actually say " quote " and " end quote " if they were trying to be clever or different .
This may be overly obvious , but in American English , saying " you 're welcome " is certainly polite and standard .
Back in the day , " cable " was used to describe communications sent abroad .
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance .
This is an example where prescriptive grammar fails us ( in practice I mean ) .
In the United States , jails are operated by cities and counties ( or equivalent ) .
You used the generic term in your question ( ' I have a transaction ' ) so use it : ' transaction ' .
All three are essentially interchangeable , but many think I believe reflects uncertainty on the part of the speaker .
I personally feel that the idea of a " real " version of any active language is unrealistic .
Detectors ( and sensors ) are generally rated on " sensitivity " and many systems allow the sensitivity setting to be set or " tuned " .
I live in Melbourne , Australia and there 's this sport called Footy which is believed to be " the real football " !
In American English , " learned " is the usual spelling ; " learnt " is too rare .
Besides those in others ' answers , there are : attorneys general , secretaries general , solicitors general , postmasters general , governors-general , etc .
This may be related to the sentence Rose is a rose is a rose is a rose by Gertrude Stein .
I would use frighten when I mean something with the hint of a surprise .
I believe that " it " in the case of " it 's me " or " it 's John " is an expletive .
Yes , your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash .
" The press " is used to describe both reporters and news outlets or media .
Since Pac-Man can run off on side and onto the other , then it 's a cylinder .
I would advise that you should just learn by reading , especially more thoughtful and observing books , not quick and just-the-facts ones .
Cant help adding James May 's eminently english way of saying " stupid " to this list .
Looking in some dictionaries , it seems there is no such word .
Green 's Dictionary of Slang offers two possibilities , either " sexually involved with " or " interfering , involved with " .
I agree with @ John Weldon that integrity and honesty aren 't synonymous .
One common tense I error I have noticed has to do with the verb to be .
" Setup " is noun , not a verb , so you wouldn 't " Setup something " .
Well , the short answer is that it does not matter .
I believe that in case of written English , the sentence does not indicate the mood of the author .
It 's an adjective in the sense that it modifies the meaning of the noun it applies to .
My thought is that " purpose of " refers to an intended function of an item .
If you understand yourself and your enemy , you will be far more likely to win any battle .
It 's the equivalent of debating which of color / colour is the correct spelling .
I 've always been told and believed that \ ˈī-thər \ is the correct pronunciation , albeit both are indeed common nowadays .
Because I don 't know your teacher , I can 't know her motivations .
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems .
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding .
An hour of cardio will burn more calories than an hour of weightlifting .
High-protein diets only pose a serious health risk if you do not take in enough fat and / or carbohydrates with them .
I find that compression shorts help me reduce chafing when biking .
According to research ( Source ) , the body only needs 0.36g of protein per pound each day for maintenance .
If you want size , you don 't want to rest very long - perhaps under a minute between sets .
Yes , you should stretch before running , but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching .
There can be no blanket answer to this question as there is quite a difference among available cheeses .
Stronglifts is a beginner program , and the heavier the lifts go , the more likely you will need to change something .
I 've experienced that feeling before , when I was a student in college .
I was doing regular workouts 2 times a week , and am now doing Jui Jitsu 1 time a week .
If you 're focusing on strength and mass gain , you do best by prioritizing strength and mass gain .
For SAMBO you are going to want to focus on core strength as much as possible .
If you round your back when bending over and touching the ground , you 're taking the hamstrings out of the equation .
I really advise you to take a look at Mark Sisson and Robb Wolf 's websites .
Do you live in any sort of shared or communal housing ( such as a college dorm ) ?
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise , even in cool conditions .
Start with cardio and progress to weights Start by targeting a ' moderate ' heart rate to burn the fat you already have .
Any time you change something fundamental to your form , you will have to go through a relearning process .
I wear the shirts for my back , it basically gives you an extra layer of skin and huge support .
I would recommend doing a search on Endurance Plantet 's itunes page for podcasts on Recovery , over training etc .
Sounds like you need to modify your exercise , diet and life style to get you where you want to be .
Arguments about low-carb vs. low-calorie diets aside , going much below your recommended daily calorie intake will send your body into starvation mode .
Are you also tracking your body fat percentage and waist circumference ?
My first thought would be that you are holding your breath .
I agree with @ Dave Liepman and @ Fredob that yoga is a great way to keep flexible and balanced .
At the end of the day , sitting is still really bad for you even if you exercise later .
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles .
There 's a couple of things going on here , and they are both cultural and practical .
There is a big difference in lifting for aesthetics and lifting for strength .
The number one thing you can do is train with a coach who knows about good running form .
Height and weight are one factor another is your current strength level .
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle ( recovery included ) .
You want to have enough protein to protect your muscles .
The Nike Free 5.0 was one of the first running shoes designed to simulate barefoot running .
Take a look at this article on Alcohol and Nutrition Facts .
I 'm not sure about 10kg in one month , but I know of one person who added 11kg in 8 weeks .
I really love the New Balance MO10 ( W010 for the women 's model ) .
Rotate through square , lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn .
I use a small camel bag ( not too full ) for that .
If you 're doing a full body workout 6 days a week , you absolutely need the rest week .
If you mean purely muscular fitness , I doubt it 's much .
To get a flat chest carry out the various push ups .
It is the immune system that is responsible for inflammatory responses .
I 've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road .
You are probably lowering the barbell too high up your chest which causes your elbows to flare out .
One food that you may want to consider adding or increasing the amount you have in your diet are Avocados .
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use .
It 's unlikely that whey protein would contain a significant amount of lactose .
I am 29 years old , battled being overweight for a number of years .
To further stress the muscle / muscle group , to get that final pump , to force more blood into the mucle .
This is a tough question to answer and requires a lot more information about body mechanics than I have .
Avoid You may think that this drink is only 100 calories .
I would also highly recommend to add chin-ups as an additional exercise .
Getting interested in exercising has been a life-long struggle for me as well .
Since you 're being kind of vague here , I can only give you a vague answer .
Only one way you could increase the count just try to add one count more everyday .
Rhea 's covered a lot in her answer but another option is to sign up for a race .
Varying up the positive / negative tempo and time under tension will target slightly different muscle fibres and other supplementary muscles .
The strength training classic " Super Squats " recommends a gallon a day .
Feedback is critical , regardless of what you 're doing--photos / videos are an awesome learning tool .
It depends on a whole bunch of variables : age , gender , type of work .
From a weight loss perspective , the most important factor , by far , is overall caloric intake .
Is there another exercise , or group of exercises , that can replace a squat ?
I found this this Website lately and I think this is great for Beginners .
I have also never been able to touch my toes , not even close , even in military basic training .
Strength work , particularly deadlifts , is very beneficial for sprinters and middle-distance runners .
I nix the second set at 45 pounds , but do full sets of five for all my warm-ups .
This is how I clean my five fingers , it 's my little secret and it does not smell afterwards .
I think this might be off topic for F & N .
A good breakfast for me can consist of a 2-3 scrambled eggs mixed with half a can ( ~ 150g ) cottage cheese .
I cannot answer all but I will do what I can ...
Spark People has a 10-minute jump rope cardio routine that you can check out here .
First of all , as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks .
When I get low blood sugar levels , I get drowsy .
According to research ( Source ) , the body only needs 0.36g of protein per pound each day for maintenance .
Creatine supplements can improve your ability to perform brief , intermittant , high intensity exercises .
From what I 've found so far , there is still a need for a well-rounded training regimen .
I have tried for the past 6 mos and i still have a little gut .
The most appropriate answer is to consult a physician before starting any workout program .
One of the greatest things that helped my energy level was to cut caffeine .
Properly executed weight training will increase , not decrease , your flexibility and mobility .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = Nfvd8ZgU8rw I turned up this on a search for " Yoga for Beginners " on YouTube .
I 've been buying the DVDs and seminars of Cressey and Robertson and their friends - all functional sport trainers and rehabbers .
Just a suggestion , but try more potassium in your diet ( found in , among other things , bananas and radishes ) .
Incorporate a 10 day cycle in your lifts ... that is squat every 10 days , dead every 10 , ft. squat every 10 .
If you 're stressed out , take a week off , of course .
Let 's take a step back and understand some basics about nutrition as it relates to exercise .
I am also evaluating TRX , but many of the exercises are geared to the beginner .
If your problem is simply fat , just regular weight loss will get you there , like md5sum said .
In general , your body will maintain its muscle mass with .5g of protein per pound lean body weight ( i.e .
For me , a hard , aerobic workout is by far best .
I really love the New Balance MO10 ( W010 for the women 's model ) .
High reps isn 't the primary metabolic booster--increased muscle mass is .
" Normal , healthy ( physically , nutritionally and mentally ) individuals have little reason to worry about accidentally consuming too much water .
You need to answer that question yourself , the way to get to it is , what is your goal ?
The main factor holding one back is the fear response .
I went through a similar situation with my C25K back in 2009 .
You can read books by people who talk about it or read biographies of people who have it .
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year .
The simple answer is to water when the garden needs it .
My guess is that painting the metal would not hold up well .
You aren 't feeding your plants enough during the growing season so they are slowly starving to death .
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly .
The Wikipedia page on Nitrogen Fixation says the nitrogen is released after the plant dies .
Yes , you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile .
Green peppers are " unripe " ( even though we often eat them that way ) .
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass .
You 're likely going to need to consult with two experts : An arborist and a foundation expert .
Cut the suckers at the lowest point to can get near the roots to control the growth of each sucker .
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them .
If you leave the stump to dry out it will be easier to burn .
Best guess based on the video is that you have some sort of aphid .
I think there are specific types or sources of rock dust that you are referencing here , such as glacial rock .
I 'm actually going to answer my own question , because it turned out that the answer above was not correct .
The two insects that I know of which would do this are leaf cutter bees and flea beetles .
There are import restrictions in Australia ( as in most countries ) , to avoid spreading diseases , etc .
That looks like either kentucky Blue grass , maybe you installed Bluegrass sod ?
They are way too hot in the greenhouse : try to regulate it better and more evenly throughout the greenhouse .
Summer is the time to remove vigorous growth and keep the tree to a manageable size .
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled .
I wouldn 't use the compost anywhere I was going to grow food or walk barefoot , or where children might play .
No products are currently registered with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) for use as woodchuck repellents .
I 've grown Pak Choy a few times and I get a bit of colour variation .
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches .
To paraphrase a common saying , " One man 's weed is another man 's lawn " .
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight .
Sounds as if you want to check the current ph of the soil itself , before amendment with your ashes .
Chances are picking the seeds once it 's gone to seed isn 't going to actually encourage new growth .
So you know , I do not have personal experience with this .
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas .
Eliot Coleman talks about planting multiple onions , beets , or similar other crops in the same planting hole .
In Canada some areas experience snow and ice on a regular basis .
It 's a slime mold , a weird primitive organism that has spores but isn 't fungus .
I would pull it out of the ground and replant .
I know of someone that used oleander branches in their barbecue .
I found a few university studies that showed the healthiest height for most types of grass is about 3 inches .
I have used it as a mulch for the path ways .
Well , I 'll make my comment an answer : Use rainwater for your plants ( but please , do not drink unfiltered ) .
I always do my repotting and trimming of roots and heavy pruning during the time the plant is dormant .
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here .
When taking cuttings from a plant , I try not to take more than 1 / 3 of the current healthy growth .
In this answer I went through the math on figuring out how far fish fertilizer goes .
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are .
Simple answer is yes , flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting .
You 're just smelling the fresh shredded bark , it 's still got the oils in it that give it " that mulchy smell " .
I 've been reading up a lot on garden railways recently .
Dirt can mean pretty much anything , from good to poor quality soil .
Further to my comment above , it seems the OP is looking for questions to ask .
You can aerate your lawn with a sturdy pitchfork ( as well as weed it ) .
Contact your county 's local agriculture extension that works with your land grant university .
Unfortunately , the only effective means I 've found of removing it without damaging nearby plants is pulling it up by hand .
I 'm going to break with the pack here and say I don 't think it 's a Bradford Pear .
The reference I have says that eggplant flowers are usually self-pollinating .
Coffee is considered a tropical plant and is not going to overwinter in the Netherlands .
One option is to get a powerful jet washer and just blast water through the gaps to loosen the dirt .
Very good information but I 'm going to add some correction after much help from reddit .
Agreeing with @ bstpierre but as I find they are usually a pest ( bites , etc ) I put ant powder on them .
If you can get over the " ick factor , " you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand .
Bad smelling compost is usually a sign of too much nitrogen material in your compost .
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter .
I bought a book , which talks about this , so here 's an answer to my own question .
If you add enough carbon , then you can 't really put too many grounds in .
You should be able to save both the tree and the house foundation .
It 's going to depend upon the plant ( weed ) as to how effective tilling the soil will be .
If you have open fires in your home you 're likely to have a supply of kindling / starters .
So , some design questions are : What would make a good mesh ?
Yes , if your lettuces are putting up a long tall central stalk and / or flowering then they have bolted .
In the Piedmont , it is best to plant fescue in the fall .
You 've said its on a windowsill which has full sun exposure ( if there 's any sun at all that is ) .
Re RoundUp - don 't use Round up , if you must use a weedkiller , buy glyphosate .
Something people in germany do to get rid of moles is to bury empty bottles ( e.g .
It 's Euphorbia maculata ( or a closely related species ) , commonly known as Prostrate Spurge or Spotted Spurge .
Here 's a picture of my mint plant showing a flower ( left ) and most of the plant ( right ) .
In the fall dig the peony and the rose out .
Lay a circle of artificial lawn in its place , then put the pool on top of that next summer .
Washington state removed the restrictions on rainwater harvesting for homeowners .
If not good for compost , could it be useful anywhere else in the garden ?
I agree with the advice already given as regards outdoor plants .
Lettuce often runs to seed prematurely when it is stressed .
I 've heard of dried blood working well as a repellent for rabbits as well as deer .
Hang the empty seed packet over a stick shoved into the ground on the end of a row .
I have been using " Slug Stop " non-toxic granules for some years now , and they do the job - and withstand heavy rain !
Fat and rotting meat are better suited to creating manure .
Oregon 's Agricultural Extension Service has the best Extension Service web site I 've ever seen !
I wouldn 't worry too much about what exactly you 've got .
I agree with winwaed - you may be watering too much .
My decades ago hort 101 class said fertilizer is not really necessary if you use a mulching mower .
There 's no benefit in installing it low other than that children ( and small adults ) will be able to reach it .
If you are looking for a manual method try using a hoe .
For # 1 , Its not really possible to determine the variety exactly without genetic analysis .
If its just the odd weed here and there , any of the methods described in the other answers .
Separating young seedlings can be tricky because their roots tend to be quite tender and easily damaged .
The leaves have to be jagged and " must " be slightly ruffled .
Personally I don 't think you can use anything better than good quality compost .
As to whether or not a fine mist spray will benefit your Japanese Maple , I can 't say .
Aloes , like most succulents , are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .
chemically , you may use a spray containing malathion @ 1 % with a sticker-spreader .
You only need about 4 inches of topsoil for grass to grow - with probably 6 being the optimal .
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument .
I know this question is old , but the previous answers did not touch on truly intercontinental trade .
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times .
The Ruby Theatre in Chelan , Washington was built as a movie theatre by the Kingman brothers and opened in 1914 .
The USA is the world 's strongest country because of its military force .
Frankly , this is something that could be argued either way .
Hitler wanted to expand the living space of the German people , that is , Germany proper .
The French Légion étrangère has the closest interaction between officers and soldiers that I know of .
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons .
For many years , the Extremadura region was the border region between Christian and Moorish Spain .
We should note that many of the people in these places are NOT of British ancestry .
The examples from history we have are revolutions against autocratic regimes , monarchies .
American Catholic and Roman Catholic are two completely different concepts .
Genocide is one of the hypotheses brought forth for the extinction of the Neanderthals , 30.000 years ago .
I 've heard that the Jin are the first people that used cannon to defend Kaifeng when attacked by the Mongols .
Saudi Arabia encompasses large deserts , and industrial goods have a low " value to weight " ratio .
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent ( sovereign ) or Queen consort , the King has always been the sovereign .
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous .
Nigel Harper has given the correct chronology for Roman land grants to soldiers .
" What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population ... " @ ThanosK and @ T.E.D. , an overall , general population estimation f.e .
The last major pagan group in Europe was the Sami in northern Scandinavia .
See PBS.org 's section on the show American Experience for this article : The Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) .
The secret protocol was known to the US government as early as 24 August 1939 .
Several reasons ( my answer is based mostly on the book " Dreadnought " by Robert Massie ) .
The man in the top right corner is Philip II of Macedon .
There was considerable political opposition to the US becoming involved in European affairs again .
Assuming this truly did happen , there are a couple of reasons that might explain why .
This one could be interpreted a number of ways , and most of the interpretations could be answered with a book .
I 'll start with the archetypical story of the type : Troy .
Rommel 's men were not accused of war crimes and he regularly ignored orders to execute captured Jewish soldiers and civilians .
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic .
I guess those are greek tickets ( εισιτηριον ) for excavation sites or museums .
In 1936 Trotsky was convicted by a Moscow court to death in absentia .
I think a simple google search will reveal the answer .
Re : Is there a way for countries to become legally independent without the bloodshed ?
The argument for Heisenberg being intentionally incompetent is that he made two " incorrect " choices in which path to follow .
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus ( which includes the still in use theatre ) and Mycenae .
First of all , France 's goal is not to " undermine its relationship with Turkey " as you have implied .
It is really , really hard to assign guilt or blame like this in most wars .
Looks like you 've rediscovered Jaspers 's concept of the Axial Age .
The Silk Way was not a single road , but rather a net of roads .
Adam Smith in the Wealth of Nations has a short section on this question .
Yes , I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle .
The effects of the Cuban revolution has been wholly negative .
One reason appears to be the success of ( Confederate ) General Stonewall Jackson 's Shenandoah Valley Campaign in late spring of 1862 .
There is nothing special about borders of former Russian Empire when considering Soviet expansion .
There are many examples of propaganda in the American revolution .
By the time that Qin had totally collapsed , Xiang Yu was China 's hegemon .
Michael 's answer is a very good one but I 'd like to add a couple of details .
The British tried a large scale amphibious landing during WW1 ( 1915 ) at Galipoli .
As one might expect , it is a tricky business to talk generally about practices on the Indian subcontinent .
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy 's election in 1960 , one of the closest elections in History .
Malaria I 'd actually leave it at that , if the posting software let me .
Religions are cultural concepts , they evolve through the time , adapting some ideas from others , providing some new ones , etc .
The US government alleges that this has occurred - see Superdollars .
To a certain extent there 's a wider question to ask - why did German armies fight so well in WW2 ?
" The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York has a great page on this exact topic .
The main trade in the Caribbean in the 16th and 17th centuries was the sugar trade .
Economic motives : Many people saw colonies as markets for their finished products , and suppliers for their raw goods .
By this time , consul is more a status title than any position giving political authority .
Manned exploration of the Moon has an aspect that is now seldom remembered , but was pretty obvious at the time .
There are several safeguards against the Chancellor - or any other part of the government - acquiring too great powers .
These are early model Stahlhelm ( shape changed over time , see Yannis ' comment ) from WW1 .
This is a very hard question to answer , and it 's a hard question to even define !
Japan was interested in extending its influence in Asia and for that it had to confront either USSR or USA .
Attempts to produce quantitative history , ie cliometrics within Economic history ; may make more computationally intensive demands than traditional text interpretation .
Photography was in use by many artists from the Impressionists onwards , many used photographs as a basis for their paintings .
I 'm not saying this is The Truth ® , but here 's the argument typically given for the Ancient Romans you mentioned .
Ivan IV the Terrible of Russia had put another man , Simeon Bekbulatovich to the throne and retired to a monastery .
Time and again India has seen some reformers who revolutionize the thoughts of the masses .
I think the main reasons are demolition of Takshashila and Nalanda universities .
Wunderwaffe ( literally , wonder weapons ) - absolutely , they had many , many designs under way .
Fredericksburg is directly North of Richmond on the direct road to Washington .
I would suggest reading Chapter 4 of the book Hidden Horizons .
Germany , was , without doubt , defeated , even though the siutation of the Armistice allowed the impression to develop that it wasn 't .
The USA had won the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq in any military sense .
From a military perspective , an " all out war " deep into enemy territory without any logistics is a rare occasion .
At the moment of his election ( 1641 ) , it seems that Mazarin was in minor orders - so called " lay cardinal " .
There was actually a trade route through Ukraine - " из варяг в греки " - that is " From Varangians to the Greeks " .
This is a very simplified example but hopefully it will help : Assume that there are 10 nobles and 100 workers .
Languages are not static things ; they evolve with the times and the needs of the users .
http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / History _ of _ Delhi # Early _ history shows that the city was called Delhi ( or Dilli ) at least since the 12 / 13th century .
Let 's do the math : 100,000 mounted archers * 4 horses each * 10 kg / day * 250 days / campaign = 1,000,000,000 kg of forage required each campaign .
Actually most of the defence force was successfully evacuated , not surrendered .
I think this question presumes far to much determinism on the part of the " Great Purge " process .
You can get a breakdown of the major causes of death here .
For Mongols specifically , it was in part their unparallelled-till-20th-century tactical flexibility .
Encouraged by the kind words about my comment , I have turned it into an answer with more details and sources .
Here are some rough specs for common planes ( as I said in the comment , the endurance depends on various factors ) .
Yes , SU did its best to make sure that its satellites were controlled as tightly as possible .
Dominus , plural Domini , in ancient Rome , “ master , ” or “ owner , ” particularly of slaves .
Every 1000 years or so you can expect a large " 1000-year-flood " near large rivers .
Germany was fortunate to have a large batch of officers born in the 1890s .
The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus , but by the Nanda dynasty , centered at Pataliputra .
I agree with the New World statement , classes are something inherited from kingships , Like the nobility is the highest class .
Song of Solomon ( as you mentioned in your comments ) does have some erotic contents .
The Soviet Union 's invasion of Afghanistan in the late 20th century has its roots in the " Great Game " of the 19th century .
There is evidence of English longbows shooting farther than 250 yards , particularly at Crecy , where the longer bowshots were around 300 yards .
It did exist but no one is sure what it was .
Yes , this is true and yes , in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals , as @ MGN already said .
The Hawaiian language has seen a big revival in the past 20-30 years .
I 'll also throw in that some languages also have grammatical gender in their verbs .
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things .
Let 's say that a future participle is a non-finite form of a verb which is marked for future tense .
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems .
Just to add this : what is usually called Hebrew script was in fact borrowed from Aramaic .
I 'm going to answer about just the words for " pineapple " .
Only to the degree that all Slavic languages are somewhat mutually intelligible .
Language can " improve " over time as well as " just changing " .
Well there aren 't phonemes in signed languages because phonemes are specifically sounds .
The classical , pure versions of Mesoamerican languages used for the most part a base-20 system .
No , this is not the only example of a language that was developed de novo .
Partially , it depends on how you think of what the goal of Linguistics is .
I disagree partly with this answer claiming that ' aa ' and ' ağ ' are identical .
I have not heard of a language that lacks numbers entirely , and doubt one exists ( happy to see proof though ) .
As many pointed out , ' free word order ' is a complete misnomer .
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest .
The question can be explored in terms of N-ellipsis ( noun ellipsis , also known as NP-ellipsis ) .
Regarding Romanian 's history : it 's a member of the Eastern Romance ( sensu strictu ) subfamily or the " Vlach " languages .
Matt Davis provides a useful summary related to this meme .
To begin with , the Chinese phoneme is not exactly sh but it sounds more like k in Swedish käften .
That 's actually a diagnostic test for what is a " Proper Noun " in English-- it resists taking an article .
The picture of the synthesis degree is not very clear in many languages .
I say option D. When in doubt , you can try what Web browsers do .
There are curious adjunct uses of " of-phrases " as in " a man of honor " , which correspond to the Latin genitive of description .
What the hearer perceives must clearly be called a phoneme .
Is your question about an analysis or about automated parsing ?
Remember that the intersection of the outputs of two context-free languages is not necessarily context free .
In English , certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support .
A caveat : I 'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine .
A long time ago , LanguageTool used to be usable with just OpenOffice .
This issue is discussed in some detail in this paper by the late , great linguist Larry Trask .
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English .
Palatalisation of / k / before front vowels happens all over the place : Russian , Greek , Turkish , Persian etc .
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages .
Newspeak , a " deliberately impoverished " language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas .
The dirty little secret of English is that syllable boundaries mostly do not matter ( unlike other languages ) .
Well since your question contains nothing to compare to and is therefore ambiguous , the answer could only be yes .
Contrary to some of the other answerers , I do think " intuition blurring " is a real thing .
Perhaps you could start by studying how you pronounce English / w / , which consists of simultaneous labial and velar approximation .
In Russian , for example , animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate / inanimate .
As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site , there are many .
One interesting source of information comes from what old prescriptive grammarians found to gripe about .
If you want a very quick and simple program to slow down a sound file of speech , use VLC Player .
There 's a lot of types of signed languages ( some more like sign vocabularies ) , so not all have the same properties .
Sounds like you have a great idea for developing linguistics software !
With some help from Rocío , I have found a fairly useful resource ( in the bibliography of Greenberg ) .
It sounds like what you are really looking for is linguistic evidence of a Semitic substrate in Old English .
Another example of the same combination of gnarly syllable structure and tone is Tlingit , where words like [ tʃχánkʼ ] ‘ grandkid ’ and [ ɬʔùɬ.tʃí.nì ] ‘ vest ’ occur .
It actually has nothing to do with a phonological rule , per se .
English spelling did deteriorate , due to almost abruptive historical changes .
It is , however , main-stream Indo-Europeanist theory that the suffix * -es marks both the genitive singular and the nominative plural m / f in proto-Indo-European .
Zipf ’ s law , as I understand it , is not really about languages , but about statistics and probability .
Palatalisation of / k / before front vowels happens all over the place : Russian , Greek , Turkish , Persian etc .
I may be missing something but isn 't this more a question of negation scope .
I think there is a need for a comprehensive review of the origins of the features of Indian Linguistic Area .
In speech , of course , rhythm and intonation would probably make it clear what the speaker meant .
If you want to go in depth , check the links .
The modern Moscow school asserts that PIE was predated by Proto-Eurasiatic .
I agree completely with the comment by @ Alenanno , Jun 29 at 15 : 07 .
The example of Piraha shows that Chomsky 's basic claim about language is incorrect , and that 's it .
There is at least one case I can think of in English similar to this .
One powerful husband and wife couple had created an organization before Interlingua was formalized .
The Japanese case marker = ga ( a post-clitic ) , was not originally a subject marker .
Wikipedia 's page on lenition seems to suggest that a / t / - > / θ / change can actually come from a / t / - > / tθ / ( affrication ) - > / θ / ( spiratization ) change .
Most English words have roots in Indo-European , either through original Germanic or through borrowed Latin , French , or Greek words .
I 'm afraid this is wishful thinking on the part of some instructor .
In Witness for the Defense , Elizabeth Loftus describes how police questioning can influence witnesses into recalling events that never happened .
What those " childish errors " really show are that children are generating language , not just repeating it .
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious .
You should clarify the question a bit to make sure you mean ' writing systems ' , not languages .
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment , the best book is to start with Is Fromkin , Introduction to language .
My estimation would be between 1000 and 500 years ago , after population drifts but before the European conquest .
From what I 'm seeing it 's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words .
" Not fast " is in Arabic ليست سريعة ( pronounced something like " lessat sahirah " ) .
A quick search of جید on Google returned two relevant results .
-er a derivational suffix because it changes the word class to which the entire expression belongs .
It seems you don 't understand the difference between Morphology and Phonology and therefore , the difference between morphemes and phonemes .
This answer does not address the source of the Vietnamese word , just the Vietnamese / Lao connection .
According to this WALS page " Passive Constructions " , there are five necessary properties of a passive construction .
What could really be hardly translated into Russian is ' privacy ' ( although some might disagree stating that it is translated as покой ) .
In traditional Principles and Parameters Framework 1 , noun phrases ( NP ) are considered the topmost lexical head .
The Farsi word " جادو " / dʒɒ : du : / is thought to be cognate with Sanskrit " यातु " / ja : tu / , with a similar meaning .
passenger : How long will the bus stay at the station ?
Latin semen comes from sero , " to sow " , which in turn comes from the Proto-Indo-European * sē ( i ) - , " to sow " .
You are right - it is the vibration of the vocal cord that adds " voice " .
British popular singers do tend to sound American -- but obviously not the choristers at King 's College !
It was too long for the comment , so had to post it as an answer .
Jane , I disagree on two points : Hebrew wasn ’ t ( morphologically ) simplified because of European Jews ; it was mainly syntactically Europeanised .
I can think of two main factors which would motivate such a decision .
As pointed out by others , " true synonyms " do not exist .
I 'm not aware of any publication which has exact percentages for the origins of Monguor vocabulary .
At least , in night the " t " came from the original PIE word for night , noqu ̯ ts .
Things like the Swadesh List are an attempt at a vocabulary list along the lines you are talking about .
In French , all the words are the same if they refer to the same animal or product .
let me give you a maths example : pentagon , hexagon , heptagon , octagon , nonagon , decagon ， ? ?
To decide if a language is related to another language requires showing that they descend from a common ancestor .
There 's actually been a lot of work on this kind of issue in morphosyntax .
In medieval Christian theology , things that were left-handed were things that belonged to Satan ( or were corrupted by him ) .
I have a pair with the big-toe strap , and they 're very comfortable when I wear them with toe socks .
A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open , but not much .
Although I agree with AM _ Hawk as down being both light and compressible , I 'd also suggest layering your clothing .
A few points to add here : Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans .
In case you don 't have anything to put on your bites , i found out the following .
In case of ascending on a rockface it does not really matter which way round you use it .
As mentioned in other answers , it will depend on the type of your backpack .
Bear spray is a more humane option ; however , you do ask about legal repercussions .
We use a padded bag that goes around the waist like the dreaded fanny pack .
The outside of a tent is designed to get wet , the key trick is to keep everything else dry .
I recently hiked in the desert in April and drank 8 oz per half hour , which was a pint an hour .
In Latvia , Lithuania , Estonia , Poland You can camp almost anywhere in forest and near public waters .
If boiling isn 't an option , aqua mira is usually a good choice .
Nylon dries fast , is resistant to ripping and tearing , and fairly breathable .
The band actually works like a taut line hitch knot .
GPS ( wikipedia ) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide .
The simple solution is not to rub your arms against your torso .
To actually load a person onto a boat , try a parbuckle .
The main reason it 's buried is to keep it from washing into water supplies .
Warmth -- This is after all why you are buying the bag .
Different parts of California have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region .
So it 's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis .
I would consider using OSM as they are available for garmin devices .
I follow a paleotic diet ( which is gluten-free ) for fairly similar reasons .
So there is a known reason for the order not to drink tap water .
As I noted in my answer to that question , plasticene or stress balls work .
My favorite fireside activity is my family 's version of 20 questions .
You may have luck with a thermos flask , or similar insulated flask above a regular water bottle .
What I do is wrap the duct tape around a pencil .
If you drop a belay plate you can use a Munter Hitch to descend down the rope .
Icebug specializes in shoes made for running on ice or other very slippery surfaces .
You need to have clothes for the coldest part of the trip , at the mountaintop .
In a gym , the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar .
Glucosamine is for cartilage , and finger pain from climbing is probably tendon problems .
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I 'm there .
The obvious thing to consider would be how loud the whistle is .
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI ( link ) .
Cross-loading with certain belay devices - take a look at the Rhino carabiner which is specially constructed to prevent cross loading .
A few others I could think of : Foxes Foxes are generally not aggressive are easily scared away by humans .
We 've camped for a month ( 4 adults / no kids ) , no TV , no phone , no radio or power & one water spigot .
There are several factors you should considering when judging the severity of a fall .
Close your eyes and stay in a prone position with as few bounces as possible .
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream .
If you have space , you can seperate the tent body and the tent poles and pack them on the inside .
Go to your nearest military surplus store and ask if they have any arctic water bottles .
First off , let me admit , I have never made crack-climbing gloves with tape .
I wouldn 't say it 's necessarily better for the things you outline than the other common options .
For hard-packed or icy snow , steel runner sleds are quite fast .
If you haven 't climbed in a while I would recommend staying away from doing fingertip pull-ups on hang boards .
On more than one occasion , having forgotten DEET , we have just rubbed down with raw garlic .
Although technology has brought us many conveniences most of them require supporting power or other technology .
Mosquitoes love me , so I 've had opportunity to try many variations of repellent .
well there are many ways to prevent this , the easyiest way would be to trim the hair between the paws .
If I already had the right to vote I would give a + 1 to Patrick Scott 's answer .
Many fish will strike at any moving object of roughly the right shape .
When talking about fresh , dry clothes then it 's not true .
I think if you 're seeing damage your concern is valid .
I haven 't used this trick for your exact issue but I have used it for similar issues .
There are a few techniques that amount to just this .
Children are a relatively high risk on board a small boat .
Google maps is free as in beer but doesn 't usually show hiking trails .
You need to distill it - I 'm assuming that freezing is not an option ( unless you 're camping in the extreme latitudes ) .
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person .
I am near Seattle and I am getting some miles in around Snoqualmie and Middle Fork Wilderness areas .
As I wrote above , it 's hard to rate this wall .
You are right , if you gain 3000 + meters within 6 hours , you are susceptible to AMS .
I picked up a memory foam travel pillow for around $ 5 at Canadian Tire a few years back .
What was already said : pee and don 't drink before sleeping .
This doesn 't directly answer your question and might not be to your liking , but it 's what I do .
Probably the best thing you can do to acclimate to the cold is to live in it .
In average to less than average physical shape , I 'd say that is pushing it a bit .
There are a few differences between the SOT kayaks and a touring kayak that you 'll want to consider .
Imsodin 's answer is good and covers a lot of good points .
Once you open it up to toxins , the answer is clearly no , boiling is not enough .
I use Oil of Lemon Eucalyptus ( OLE ) and it works great .
If you are being asked to boil water it has a biological contamination .
Couscous is one of the best sources of carbohydrate I 've found .
Oh friend , I have been down this miserable road just like you .
The most common for rock climbing are with fingerboards or campus boards .
Different parts of California have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region .
The rucksacks that I own , have extra long straps as well .
I like the question although I am not a geocacher at all .
You can sit on your hands or cross your arms over your chest , clench a fist , and pump your muscles .
If you have children with you , you will have no worries about keeping yourself busy , you 'll be plenty busy .
The British Mountaineering Council ( BMC ) has a downloadable helmet guidebook which addresses this question pretty well .
If you 're staying out overnight , consider digging a snowhole instead of using a tent .
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying .
To deal with low oxygen environments you need more red blood cells .
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack , your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying .
I clean my drinking system with lots of hot water then sterilise it using baby bottle sterilising tablets .
Figure 8 pattern is good but there is also another pattern which can be useful .
Oh friend , I have been down this miserable road just like you .
For every item , I weigh up the regularity of use , vs the urgency of use .
Sleeping pads : I was on a motorcycle trip with very little storage space .
If it 's honeydew , then soap & water should do the trick .
I wouldn 't buy an ultralight tent if you 're going to put the tent through severe trauma or require significant space ( e.g .
I believe the threads are generally compatible , BUT that 's not the issue .
I would consider " Rock Climbing " as something in the Class 5 definition of the YDS grading system .
There are 2 things that you need to watch out for : Wind chill and getting wet due to sweating .
Actually , electric fences with an attached alarm are pretty common when camping in Svalbard ( lots and lots of polar bears ) .
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised .
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable .
I recommend fewer , longer stops instead of short , frequent stops .
First of all , you should get past the idea that you are going to get her to change .
There is something that a teacher told us regarding the bullying between our toddler ( 3 ) and our infant ( 1 year ) .
I 'd ensure you got professional advice before committing your children to a vegan diet .
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn 't require a yes or no answer .
I 'm multilingual too , able to turn the language switch in the brain without effort .
Yes , twins can develop their own language , but it 's not a given .
Whatever you do , don 't bite him back to show him that it hurts .
A rule of thumb that I 've heard is " for small children , big dogs " .
You can try cutting the nails when they are asleep .
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it .
They should be rewarded for good behavior in the process of learning the good behavior .
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development .
I 've always used the 1-2-3 countdown method , but as stated in the chosen post , this requires training .
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward ( s ) for chores .
At a certain time , the answer would have been a quick spanking or at least a swat on the behind .
There are actually more than 2 methods of teaching a child to sleep through the night .
Pacifier use too early , or , indeed , any artificial nipple use too early can definitely lead to nipple confusion .
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding .
You make sure to praise hard work rather than natural gifts .
Most martial arts schools don 't take kids until they are 4 or 5 , depending on the class and the school .
I wouldn 't say this was an absolute necessity , but I absolutely love having a video baby monitor .
Nicknames - people ( especially in Australia ) will always have their names reduced to the minimum number of syllables .
Remember also that there are no foods that cannot be eaten at breakfast .
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn 't shouting and / or misbehaving ?
Yeah , that schedule is an excellent way of making sure you get enough sleep .
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional .
A very good friend of mine helped my wife and I cope when the strain of a strong-willed toddler .
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty .
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy , some types might contain Listeria , which can cause serious problems .
I actually involved my Daughter in with helping me and my son when he was born .
I would suggest you to look into baby sleeping bags .
Since you 're allergic , what sort of detergent do you use personally to prevent negative reactions ?
Praise is a wonderful motivator as long as the praise is for the " right " things .
The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong .
My sister is a dentist , so she gave a cute toothbrush with lights on it .
The Met Opera has showings of operas in local movie theaters .
You only need to bath your baby 2-3 times a week .
If the child falls and cries unusually then make sure to check .
As a teacher and a recently back to work mom , I think there are more cons than pros .
Both of my kids have some form of lactose intolerance .
Another strategy is to survey the nursing staff at the hospital asking who they use for their children .
With our twins ( 13 months old ) we have a bedtime routine starting around 7 ( earlier if they are cranky ) .
It sounds as though you 're going through something I went through a little while ago .
Peer pressure is empowered by the drive to belong and be accepted .
Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year , and there were no problems .
In addition to reading , flash cards are also a great way to increase vocabulary .
First , constantly reassure her that she has nothing to fear .
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that ?
First and foremost you and your partner need to identify what styles of learning work best for you .
Alternative hubby perspective : Nothing went wrong , and I still don 't think it was a waste of time .
As a speech language pathologist , I 've been trained in treating stuttering .
Interesting that she was happy with it for about 2 weeks .
I struggled at bath time with my children ( now 2 , 3 , and 4 ) when they were very little .
We have a routine called ' going to the window ' -- the preschool / day care has a window overlooking the parking lot .
I had a problem with grinding my teeth when I was young .
I 'm facing a similar situation ; being Danish and living in ( German-speaking ) Austria .
I 've done a lot of road trips and a few airplane trips with my now 6-year-old and often alone .
My son didn 't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday .
We use the 1.2.3 rule , and I 'm a computer programmer , and my oldest son ( 6 years old ) loves math .
According to Web MD a seven-year-old should get about 10 to 11 hours of sleep per day .
As other people have said , it sounds like your parents did you a disservice by not preparing you correctly .
My daughter , also 10 , tends to have great plans but no follow through .
I would think of this as a gift that your son has .
Be honest about how everyone has flaws and makes mistakes .
I know for a fact that sucking the lower lip does cause a bulging misshaped blob on the lower lip .
I evaluate based on what my parents did or didn 't do .
This is anecdotal , but : One of my cousins had a similar problem when he was a child .
Is it possible that you gave up swaddling too early ?
When a baby cries , it gets more and more worked up .
You didn 't specify how you put him to bed , so here are a few suggestions .
I had a bedtime routine and followed a 3 hour cycle for my infant ( at the time newborn ) .
I assume your child is also being addressed by someone else in English ?
Show her how much fun splashing is - that 's what we did , and made a game of it .
Let him know that you love him very much and that you have rules for his betterment .
It 's difficult for everyone when a child is fighting sleep .
From my own and others ' experience , I 'd say around 6-9 years of age is the time when they figure it out .
My 13 month old son has been transfixed by the TV since day 1 .
Our daughter has always loved her bath , but coming out ... not so much .
As a programmer i would propose to you the following : Abstract thinking , Pragmatic Thinking , Higher problem solving .
Bring lots of toys for your child to play with , books , activities .
I think a daily family supper is a good idea .
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point .
Coincidentally , we watched tv with our 6 week old twins last night for about 3 hours .
One concern I have about bring my baby in wooded areas is ticks .
20 years ago my wife and I took Lamaze classes during the pregnancy .
We had a problem with an older one ( partially related to a younger child 's birth ) as far as # 2 .
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food , as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction .
This question is rhetorical because it answered itself by using the word " profanity " .
After doing some research on this , it seems that some tantrum behaviors might be warning signs of problems .
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits , not eating habits .
Being excluded from normal classes to get remedial work is definitely not good for your self-esteem .
our daughter had , what we were told were , night terrors .
Given the opportunity , children will play computer games all day , and ignore everything else going on around them .
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year .
Perhaps the easiest thing to do would be to keep more balanced snacks readily available .
Most modern baby monitors use digital transmission ( most often the DECT standard ) .
It is possible , but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank .
You indicate in your comments that your hamster does not have hay .
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths .
Given that the amount of shedding is normal , I don 't think there 's anything you can do to lessen it .
You 're looking at roughly 3-4 cups of food twice a day .
My experience with Danios has that they always have been " bossy " fish .
My answer 's going to be the same as one I 've previously given .
Okay , so you 've got a dog running around without a leash and one that won 't let you catch him ?
To be honest , this just sounds like normal puppy behavior .
Another issue you might want to consider is that as cats get older their colon response gets weaker .
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons .
So , in general I would avoid bathing a cat unless there 's a real strong need to do so .
I have had really good results using carPET Scratch Stoppers in doorways and under doors .
I always leave Bear ( 7 months old , now ) with a Kong when I leave for the day .
Cats ( and all animals in general ) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness .
It does sound like your cat is upset about something , and trying to communicate it to you .
I have noticed most cats don 't lick people a great deal .
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death .
I have a Siberian Husky that is not much older than your dog .
For performance dogs we like to wait until 18 months on average .
You could increase the fiber in the diet just like a human would with this issue .
I actually like Nature 's Miracle as far as pet stain and smell removers go .
Cats nails keep growing and they have the need to scratch to shorten them and keep them dulled down .
My cat has lost a number of teeth - but refuses to go on a solely wet food diet .
Ah yes , I had that problem with some of my cats , years ago .
My cat has lost a number of teeth - but refuses to go on a solely wet food diet .
First , double-check the dog 's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive .
The answer on backward chaining was very good and I would like to suggest an augmentation to that approach .
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish , but too acidic can definitely kill them .
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you 're feeding him .
I would look into how much water the dog is drinking in a day .
Nearly any cover you buy or build will allow enough air to circulate .
You say that you have scratching posts around your house , but they may not be the right type .
We never gave our foster pup ( who LOVES to chew ) rawhides because we 've heard that they 're dangerous if they splinter .
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it .
As long as it 's not completely sealed air will get in .
Teaching a retrieve is a great example of when you can use backchaining to get your desired effect .
You should feed your cat twice a day but in summer they won ´ t eat as much as they do normally .
I have had very good luck with two different obese cats using a Tiger Diner cat bowl .
I wouldn 't recommend keeping the giant gourami with any of the fish you have in Tank 2 .
As a reminder : There are many cats who have lived long and happy lives on dry food .
With descending paralysis the strong rear leg muscles will have lots of strength .
It is normal for a cat to get upset if an unfamiliar creature passes ' their ' lawn / street / window .
It is major surgery and there 's always a chance that the cat won 't wake up from anesthesia .
One piece of advice I 've seen is to use bait to lure the snails out , and then physically remove them .
Try switching to rats ; weanling rats if you need something smaller .
You should take this animal to a vet right away .
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva .
Ammonia is present in urine as a by-product of meat consumption , so its presence is entirely natural .
The ASPCA website has an exhaustive list of toxic and non-toxic plants for dogs , cats , and horses .
I have had great luck with Thundershirts in calming my pets , both cats and dogs .
I would say start by familiarizing the dog with the baby 's scent .
For most of mine I do what Kyle does : stand the carrier on end and put the cat in rump-first .
The behavior in wolves is known as " scrape behavior " ; it is also present in their domesticated relatives .
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight .
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience .
I 've found that having existing tartar on the teeth is the worst culprit for stinky breath .
Sadly , you can 't communicate to the female " hey its only play ... he actually likes you " .
It may be worth trying one of the artificial pheromone sprays .
As he goes to get the food , you 'll want to say your command .
Zaralynda has a fantastic answer , that runs counter to my in belief the " badness " of iceberg lettuce for bunnies .
The antibiotics should hopefully help keep the itching down , so that he won 't scratch at it .
Another alternative for feeding pills is to just put the pill in the rabbits mouth .
Odds are , the cat 's as wary of you as you are of her .
Neutered cats may , or may not , consider it less important to go outside and examine / defend their territory .
I agree with Beo and Zaralynda ... both are good advice .
Is there anything that you would want to do at 3am when you 've just been woken up by your cat ?
I adopted a dog who ate fast ( the way he was raised and Cushing 's Disease ) .
Your cats are still closer to kitten than to true adult and they want to hunt and pounce for practice .
Pipolino Kong for cats Catit feeding maze SmartCat Tiger Diner Portion Control Cat Bowl , cf .
Pet stores do sell " Pet Grass " which gives them something to chew on ( or grow your own ) .
This is a good example of overstocking a fish tank .
Going by your pictures , no , you can 't combine these fish .
Diet management of iodine intake for your cat is going to be very difficult with food intended for human consumption .
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime .
Perhaps she will respond to the sound ( or smell , if applicable ) of treats .
I don 't have direct experience with bettas , but I 've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male / female combination .
Cats are sensitive and highly strung , and can sometimes have odd reactions to being over-stimulated .
Since the risks and pitfalls of wire floors are largely mentioned , I 'll mention pros ...
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine .
An experiment with chicken : Two cages of chickens had a similar food automatic device .
Odds are , the cat 's as wary of you as you are of her .
I ended up using a combination of the three answers provided with a slight twist .
The biggest reason I can think of is that you 're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat .
People here has answered very well but if nothing helps then barking control collars can help as a last resort .
Depending on where you live , burying your pet in your yard may be illegal .
The two primary consideration here are the dogs safety and the ease ( or budget ) of improvement .
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .
Diatomaceous Earth claims say that it works on fleas / mites by microscopically abrading ( cutting ) their exoskeleton , essentially drying them out .
Cats are descended from desert dwelling animals and have their kidneys concentrate the urine very strongly to recover water .
It 's just her style .... My cats all have different eating styles .
At this stage , I would look to add fish and stop artificially adding ammonia to the system .
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death .
Gastric dilation , also know as bloat , is a veterinary emergency .
It 's possible that your cat , like some people , has simply gotten more finicky with age .
No , goldfish do not " pair up " — not socially , and not even in breeding .
When a carrier is not a thing to be afraid of , things get a lot easier .
The thing they hate in citrus is the oil ( which has the smell ) .
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar ( I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten ) .
I have one Maine Coon but she does not do this behavior .
Aristotle didn 't put the world at the center of the universe per se .
I don 't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers .
It 's a non-sequitur , which means that the conclusion " doesn 't follow " from the premise .
If everything has a cause , then God must have a cause .
I do not think the possibility of holding contradictory beliefs is controversial .
Strictly speaking I believe definitive knowledge is never obtainable , as Karl Popper has convincingly argued .
You don 't write a dictionary first and then tell people to learn it .
" To cause " means that there is an unbroken chain , ordered in time , that links from cause to effect .
In structural terms , the second sentence isn 't incorrect , you just read it incorrectly .
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind .
As a thoroughgoing occasionalist , Malebranche held that all causal activity is divine .
Dr Julin Jaynes speculates in his book ; The origin of consciousness in the break down of the bicameral mind .
In modern evolutionary biology , teleology is considered to be an irrelevant explanation for what caused things to be .
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers .
I 'm afraid I don 't have an answer for you , but perhaps I can offer you a somewhat useful non-answer ?
Rational explanations follow from a specific set of axioms plus rules to go from step to step .
I too am interested in this Budhist topic and offer a humble answer .
The difference between " necessary " and " sufficient " is the direction of the logical arrow .
This is much more a biology / evolution question than a philosophy question .
I have no idea why it is voted up , but Rex Kerr 's answer begs the question .
In the case that B , assume A and derive B to yield A implies B .
Yes , if " natural numbers " is the commonly agreed on term from arithmetic .
In the above process , nowhere the eyes are actually reading Chinese , but converting it to signals .
It 's true that , under one understanding of " accessibility " and " determining " , your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms .
I think this would be an example of a fallacy known as a Red Herring .
I think that the only difference between the two is the semantic objective of the definition .
Answering my own question , I 've found MIT 's OpenCourseware to be a good starting point .
Though I mostly agree with Cody 's answer , I wish to answer from different perspectives .
3 is in the set of integers but not in the set of even numbers .
You say this thing is older than the other , when both has measurable and finite age .
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position .
The list is long , and will depend a lot upon your eventual area of specialization .
Consequentialism not only admits but advocates cruel treatment in exactly those cases where there is an overall benefit .
I can not refute the argument as it is perfectly sound .
I don 't think you can find a consistent distiction across philosophers .
Well , you can always limit the number of iterations or timeout to recover from " infinite loops " in decision procedures .
The most simple example i can think of is the category mistake , a kind of fallacy .
Not necessarily tied to philosophy , but in formal debates the sides agree on a proposition to make arguments about .
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system .
First of all , one needs to separate mathematical model from reality .
I gave this a lot of thought a few years ago and came up with a test .
I work in a quite technical field , that my wife knows nothing about .
No measurement from inside the observed system can be informationally complete .
The Question is ( from Hinduism ) ; do you exist because of pregnancy ?
let 's see - God made human and able to improve it , people made computers and can improve them too .
Marxist theory was developed in the 19th century by two German philosophers , Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels .
Are we anthropormising the world when we incorporate cause & effect into our understanding of how the world acts ?
I don 't know about Hinduism , but you jumped of the track right off the bat with Islam .
Off the top of my head , I think it 's better to look at the criteria you 've proffered for identifying " God " .
The existence of different logics is interesting , but not particularly relevant , because of Gödel / Turing universality .
First , you 've got to be more specific about the " laws of physics " .
Sophie 's World by Jostein Gaarder polarises opinion as it is a history of philosophy wrapped up in a children 's story .
" God is exactly this Substance underlying who supports , exist independently of , and persist through time changes in material nature .
I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein 's " solution " , you must take in account the original ( historical ) context .
This line of thought has a rich tradition in philosophy .
Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called " complex " or " imaginary " numbers .
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one , which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger .
What you are asking about is the nature of causality , which is one of the stickiest problems in philosophy .
Here is an example of philosophy helping a breakthrough in mathematics ( in differential topology ) .
Discussions about the contingency of mathematical properties should definitely consider the existence of Non-standard Models ( see the related MathOverflow reference request ) .
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims .
This is classic " Nature versus Nurture " debate , and if you study psychology you 'll never hear enough of this .
Our greatest asset For comparison , basically , human and animal have similar purpose in life , those are , survival and enjoyment .
First , you must be using humanist in an idiosyncratic way .
Most contemporary philosophers would interrogate the concept of happiness , pain , and even " human nature " .
I haven 't read it myself , but I 've heard good things about Delacampagne .
This is much more a biology / evolution question than a philosophy question .
People almost always have " rational explanations " for the things they do .
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety .
As I understand it , nothing that can be changed , or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real .
Knowledge , of the kind you 're asking about , I think , usually requires evidence and reasoning .
First , other sciences can have their concepts explained without math .
This varies depending on which logical system you 're working in .
" How objects are named " is something of a mystery to me .
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of .
The similiarity between Kant 's and Wittgenstein 's trains of thought has been expounded before for sure .
A more idiomatic paraphrase of ~ ( x ) Bx is : not everything is a bird .
On a temporary basis and as an ongoing personal philosophy selflessness is possible but a consistent selfless life is unsustainable .
This argument is about as sensible as saying that -1 is absurd because a negative apple doesn 't and can 't exist .
If not , what is preventing " happiness " from being quantified , in principle ?
personally , i think u just identified one of philosophies greatest weakness , the lack of practical value .
Nothing is very difficult to conceptualise - we only approach it by analogy .
In Zen , validation occurs by recognition by a validated practitioner in a ceremony / event called Dharma Transmission .
Interpreting infinity = 0 mathematically is problematic for reasons that Niel de Beaudrap outlined .
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety .
Please see " A Foray into the Worlds of Animals and Humans " with a theory of meaning by Jakob Von Uexkull .
So , I will tailor my response to your comment to ChaosAndOrder .
From an atheist philosophical standpoint , how is existential contingency explained or accounted for ?
Read the paper Friederich Nietzsche and the seduction of Occam ’ s razor by Danesh-Meyer , Helen V.Young , Julian , 2010 .
Death penalty is a punishment , ( in theory ) reserved for the most heinous of crimes .
His theorem applies to the way the mind works as well .
Zizek actually has touched this subject a couple of times .
Expanding upon Joseph 's comment : Special relativity rules out the possibility of absolute simultaneity .
Download the reading Guide on logic books from http : / / www.logicmatters.net / students / tyl / § 1.2 gives recommendations for complete beginners .
You might try Carnap 's famous ( but often neglected ) Der logische Aufbau der Welt ( The Logical Structure of the World ) .
In Solipsism everyone else is a " philosophical zombie " ; and all the time .
Time is a physical factor and the term used to capture this concept is the word ' TIME ' .
will be supertrue ( superfalse ) iff under all ( no ) acceptable precisifications of the predicate " bald " , the sentence comes out true .
It seems that you are really asking what we mean by " rational " .
You may find in recent philosophical letters ( e.g. , Collapse , in particular vol .
When I needed a travel tripod , I also opted for a Trekpod .
I finally found one of the best astrophotography articles I 've ever found on the net .
To answer your question , yes , this is a design issue .
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $ 9.99 and it appears to cover them all .
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus .
Apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance .
I can 't speak for Canon cams , but in the Nikon world generally one should stick with Nikon brand batteries .
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon ( i.e .
The key is adding some specific tags every time you import .
Some of the newer point and shoots do great in manual mode .
The interface between ACR and Photoshop has changed a couple of times over the years .
A more expensive option is a remote trigger like the wireless pocket wizards and the cable for your camera .
It is important to remember that RGB is an additive process , and CYMK is a subtractive process .
There 's no simple rule of thumb due to the inhearent nonlinearity in the equations .
Although you could fix this problem in lightroom with reasonable results , you can fix it when taking the picture .
Ken Rockwell claims , and I agree , that the D5000 in quiet mode is pretty darn quiet .
I used to think that blurring was one of those things that was impossible to recover from in post .
If you took a look at the image that your camera initially takes , you 'd be disappointed in it .
In my ( admittedly limited ) experience , in-lens stabilization ( Nikon D90 + 18-200mm ) works a lot better than in-body ( Pentax K200D + 18-250mm ) .
For what it 's worth , dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think .
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image , as also using a browser that supports color management .
Firstly words , even technical terms , change meaning over time with usage .
I have a few Nikon lenses , and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots .
If you are looking for something that really won 't move , I do recall of the Cotton Carrier line of products .
I have found there is no single best way to increase size .
The smaller the camera sensor size , the higher the crop factor , and thus the higher the effective focal length .
Use a large aperture ( small F number ) when you take a photo .
You need either to remove the offending light or supply much more additional light to wash out the reflection .
I simply got a refurbished older model point and shoot for my 5 year old .
Bokeh is a bit like evaluating wine , there 's some technical evaluation and some subjective evaluation of it .
Cleaning the glass is a great suggestion , however , even with clean glass you have a few more issues .
A Canon at 300ppi , you have the same tonal range as an Epson at 288ppi .
It simply means there are lots of pixels in your photograph at that brightness level .
Shutter priority for shots that I want to control how much the action is frozen or blurred ( panning ) .
I 've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows .
The only construction-agnostic term would be long lens to compliment the other lens classes : wideangle and normal .
Apart from dpreview.com , you can use Snapsort if you 'd like something more flashy .
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD ( 1080 ) video for the 550D ( 48 MBit ) .
Bear in mind that the aperture will usually have to be set manually too .
They could , on the other hand , more easily extend their own RAW format ( s ) .
Personally , I just guess , take a shot and look at my histogram and tweak as needed .
Aside from the better quality of the EF-S 10-22mm lens , it offers a significantly wider angle of view .
Bibble Pro is a cross-platform program similar to Lightroom and Aperture .
Here are many samples : Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there , I 'm sure some are with a d700 .
There are literally dozens of tripods that can handle more than two pounds .
The one clear benefit of digital that I see is the ability to emulate color filters in software .
I second the approach of a standalone GPS Tracker and then using some software to sync it into your metadata .
I would thoroughly recommend a read of Trey Ratcliff 's excellent HDR tutorial .
Depends on your budget obviously , but some cameras have dual card slots and can write identical files to both .
I believe you 're out of luck with IE , though perhaps that may get corrected in IE 9 .
Same here , I 've the 50mm f / 1.4 , and as my fastest lens I couldn 't live without it for concerts and low-light photography .
I use Elinchrom Skyports , but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards .
I had good luck switching the image into LAB mode , then adjusting the luminance layer only .
The short answer is that yes , you can do this .
There is no set rule for this ; it all depends what you want to photograph .
Well , I 've searched for this for a good long while .
Dodge and Burn normally applies when you want to change the relative exposure of part of an image .
I 'd go with the SD 1300 , just check if you mother-in-law feels comfortable with its size .
Photoshop Elements is $ 99 and is very close to Photoshop in terms of features for photographers but much cheaper .
The most important fact - which is buried in one of the previous responses - is focus speed .
To follow up on Genius ' reply , DP Review had a Waterproof Camera Group Test last year .
They could , on the other hand , more easily extend their own RAW format ( s ) .
Chinon CEII that My Dad gave me as a student .
Nick Miners.com Nick is a friend of mine who posts articles on his blog covering a range of photography topics .
I don 't know about nikon , but I did the same thing on the Canon side .
The terminology is usually called " Destructive vs Non Destructive " editing .
Use a high speed page feed scanner like the DR-2010C from Canon .
You can use free , open-source utility Exiftool to extract the metadata from the JPG files .
Two things need to be considered here : focusing speed and adequate sensitivity to light to achieve a fast shutter speed .
I think this is an example of : use the opportunities you have , rather than the ones you wish you had .
There 's really only one thing you need to memorize and it 's easy : a list of standard f-stops in graduations of one f-stop ( 1 , 1.4 , 2 , 2.8 , 4 , 5.6 , 8 , 11 , 16 , 22 , 32 , 45 , 64 , 90 ) .
I upgraded from 400D to 7D and things just got sharper ( and you should expect the same ) .
Reid is right - that VR does not help at all in stopping motion .
In short : you can enlarge it as much as you like .
If you can find a used 7d I 'd jump on it , but chances are , you won 't at a price oyu 'll like .
There are numerous kinds of optical abberations that you may encounter with a lens .
Sometimes the amount of exposure compensation available ( ie + / - 2 stops ) in Aperture priority mode might simply not be enough .
The camera will only ever do a " quick format " as there is a limit on read / write operations on flash memory .
I have the 35mm 1.8 and the 50mm 1.4 - and for people wanting thier 1st fixed prime I always point them at the 35mm 1.8 1st .
For what it 's worth , dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think .
Polarizers do block light , as they are designed to filter out light coming from certain directions .
If you 're not feeling the limitations of your point-and-shoot camera , then you probably don 't need a DSLR .
If you are a member of Costco , their prints are great .
I don 't bracket with digital unless I 'm blending multiple exposures to get greater dynamic range .
Definitely shoot in AV ( aperture value ) mode and vary the shutter speed !
I know you asked for free stuff , however given that I whole-heartedly agree with Reid about how valuable your time is .
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used ; they 're often extremely well-cared-for , if not coddled .
Basically , you must understand three settings : Film speed , aperture size , shutter speed .
Most dancefloor lights are tungsten , so unless you 're using flash you should be okay with that .
Adobe Photoshop Elements is actually a pretty good package these days .
The exposure settings to stop moving objects depends entirely on how fast the objects are traversing your frame .
First of all , what you have is probably mirror pre-fire rather than a true mirror lockup .
If you 're primarily interested in video , the Nikon option offers 1080p and 24 frames per second with autofocus .
If the photo is blurred due to camera shake , you really don 't have many options .
Anil , there certainly is a difference in results , mainly in image quality .
I just found a page that has some information about this .
Most digital cameras use a 10 to 14-bit A / D converter , and so their theoretical maximum dynamic range is 10-14 stops .
Understanding Exposure by Bryan Peterson is a great and easy to read book that covers these topics .
Freezing motion generally requires one , maybe two things : fast shutter speed , and flash at the right time .
I 'm a bit biased , but you might find my site , Snapsort useful .
The answer is No , since Russia is one of the five permanent members of the Security Council .
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution .
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to .
There are two challenges to online voting which can be seen as well technological as cultural .
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order .
The United States has had a constant 435 members in the House of Representatives since the Reapportionment Act of 1929 .
Leaving aside heath care angle , you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn 't save lives .
The following is a synopsis and explanation of common beliefs the Libertarian free market philosophy .
" opportunities for the people to control their leaders and to oust them without the need for a revolution " .
The president is not really all that important for German people .
Executive orders are not permanent , they exist at the will of the president and can be changed at any time .
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question , which explain the seeming contradiction .
In a " first-past-the-post " system , it is difficult to sustain more than two parties .
Great Britain is used to formally refer to the UK ( including Northern Ireland ) in a number of international associations .
Most democratic countries have a written constitution , but it 's not a requirement .
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described .
Over time , Parliament ( the Lords and Commons ) took more and more power from the monarch .
They WERE called " freedom fighters " in the West through 1980s when they were fighting the USSR .
Legal case information is generally easy to come by if you poke around a bit .
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics .
Yes it is technically possible that a BUK system shot down the plane .
" Teabagging " is when a male dips his scrotum upon another person 's face as an insult .
Some lobbying comes in the form of giving campaign contributions to politicians .
Being left or right were obvious when being right was being for monarchy and being left was being for republic .
tl ; dr : If non-dictatorial communist societies existed , then not for long .
Simply , it was not well thought out , and the " unintended consequences " are now revealing themselves .
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen , from Kharkiv , eastern Ukraine .
Nowhere does it say that a naturalized citizen has the same privileges as a natural-born citizen .
Most people want not only to be WELL off , but to become BETTER off as time goes by .
When having discussions on Anarchist / Anarcho-capitalist forums , I 've come across this issue a couple times .
First , They already have , that is part of the reason for the conflict in the first place .
The Vice President is elected because it is constitutionally required , as per the 12th amendment .
So do they basically stop paying their vendors such as the electric company or rent on buildings ?
I 'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name .
Let me make something incredibly clear up front : While I come across as rather angry , I 'm not .
These are generically called nomination rules ; the US calls them ballot access rules .
No , nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority .
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution .
Both of your bullet points are correct , and both are wrong .
In German , the term " Nahost " or " Naher Osten " ( near East ) are in common use .
In Lebanon ( and in some other places ) ' Christian ' is as much an ethnic and cultural as a religious designation .
While these criteria are normative , there are solidly defended norms out there for these meanings .
Wikipedia has a short list of articles about LGBT groups and individuals opposed to same-sex marriage .
Some of the gap could be attributed to social issues , but that may not account for the entire gap .
One has to separate out two elements of this - first is ' voter ' and second is the difference between ' knowledge ' and ' interest ' .
The Jerusalem is a holy place for both Muslims and Jews .
Equality is widely accepted because it can mean so many different things to so many people .
After posting this question , I received the February 1st - 7th edition of the Economist .
I think the best way address your question ( s ) is by using a legal analysis .
The word " libertarianism " was essentially invented because classical liberals felt that the word had become expropriated .
I would rather have added this as comments to the question and to NL7 answer but do not have the reputation ..
Probably the best measure of a candidates ideology is the DW NOMINATE score .
What troubles most people about same-sex and sibling marriages is their likely impact on childbearing .
One result , perhaps unintended of the split between the Senate and the House is that they have rather different constituencies .
The holocaust took place to some extent within Germany , and German Jews / gypsies / homosexuals were taken to extermination camps .
Well when it comes to a Developing Country there wouldn 't be a huge impact .
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued .
When having discussions on Anarchist / Anarcho-capitalist forums , I 've come across this issue a couple times .
To make a tactical vote , you need an estimate how much votes each candidate is probably going to get .
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics .
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist .
Whenever you hear about " politicians receiving money from corporations " It almost always refers to campaign contributions rather than personal gifts .
You are asking a fairly broad question , so I need to tackle a few points before answer it directly .
They do it for the same reason why some stadiums sell their good tickets by lottery .
I disagree that there 's " no other choice " than to be funded by public organizations .
I am from Hungary and I looked for hungarian source of Poland , polish and other keywords on Jobbik website .
The Federal Reserve has been conducting Open Market Operations for many decades ; the law was passed in 1913 .
In the election of 1872 , Grant easily beat Horace Greely , 286 to what would have been 66 votes for Greely .
Both of your bullet points are correct , and both are wrong .
In theory , that would be the case if all workers were equal .
Border Issue : There is certainly a border issue between India and Bangladesh .
As you see , the answers and comments here also contradict each other .
Most political ideologies are in favor of restricting the behavior and thoughts of just about everybody , young and old .
As Michael WS points out , a ' first past the post ' system ( which the US has ) encourages a two party system .
" Teabagger " is yet another shining example of " civil discourse " by left wingers in America .
Many countries significantly reduced their debt by defaulting on it .
In short , you can 't because the Supreme Court has recognized the Right to Lie .
The government can 't force a business to act , but they can punish them for not acting .
The reason it changed is the term " liberal , " suffered too much damage to it 's brand , particularly during the years Pres .
The entire social contract tradition on which most modern forms of government are based depends on equality of certain rights .
At a very simple level , the answer is that not all rights are financial .
Crimea is a very fertile agricultural region , and is often seen as a vacation spot for Russians .
Your forgetting the most dangerous criminals , the trained professionals , the law enforcement officers .
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws .
Absolute majority always defined by the institution , or the context .
Hospitals are legally bound to stabilize a patient , but that is all ; so many life-saving operations still will not be performed .
The French constitution of 1946 ( Fourth Republic ) established proportional representation ( at the level of each departement ) .
Inflation is caused by money supply growing faster than the rate of economic growth .
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages .
The Nazi party was called Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ( National Socialist German Workers ' Party ) .
Well , there is distinction between extremist party and an anti-democratic party .
In Massachusetts , you walk into the polling place and state a name and home address belonging to a registered voter .
In a roundabout way , there 's some truth to that statement , though it 's a bit more nuanced than that .
The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an " experiment " in democratic Communism .
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent .
In the age of Empire , these were totally different things .
There are conflicting philosophies and approaches to this ( and frankly , no good or clear answer ) .
The government can 't force a business to act , but they can punish them for not acting .
This question can only be answered within a theoretical context .
One argument sometimes made against federally recognized civil unions by anti-gay-marriage side is actually purely political .
Before you want to start the study of a subject , figure out what you want to achieve .
Inbox Zero means what it says : nothing what so ever is left in your in box .
I would suggest starting from ActiveInbox ( used to be GTDInbox ) and see whether that fully covers your needs .
To me , the effectiveness of my system relates to my long , mid-range , and short term goals .
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday .
As others have mentioned , the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work .
Thinking on your feet is an essential skill for combat soldiers .
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention .
I think just the typical kitchen timer is the best investment you can get ( for a physical device ) .
There are several ways to tackle this and it partly depends on the system you 're using .
Use a firm sturdy chair like a kitchen table chair instead of an office chair .
The Pomodoro Technique was developed by Francesco Cirillo and is aimed at establishing a standard to measure productivity .
After your meeting , try to find a picture of them on the internet .
I think the hesitation comes from the fear that you will not be productive during the session .
There is not really anything you can do besides being a witness ; just try to get over it .
I 've learned over the years that Association is the key !
I 've found that usually when I 'm being introverted or quiet it 's because I 'm thinking mostly about myself .
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this .
You 're right , someday / maybe vs actionable is an artificial distinction that induces mental resistance during the classification process .
What folders you need depends a bit on your email client 's capabilities , and how you want to work .
What I do is wake up early ( around 6 ) and run for a while .
A quick research ( 1 , 2 ) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion .
So consider the idea that it might be your body trying to tell you something ...
Here 's a technique I 've developed without being aware of it : Multiple Browsers .
Try Any.Do , apart from everything you want , it also has the ability to drag and drop tasks to organize them .
I have a standing / sitting desk at work and really like it .
I used to struggle with the same desires for adventure , novelty and risk-taking .
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .
The second option is more realistic unless the book doesn 't have many pages .
I get started by telling myself that I do not intend to finish whatever I 'm sitting down to work on .
I think this is a more sophisticated version of the questions we often get on gamification .
when I am pretty excited about learning the stuff ) I sit down for studying I find myself browsing irrelevant websites !
Bento can handle relationships , but I don 't think it can do what you 're asking it to do .
The thing I like about Evernote is that this is all they do ( for now ) .
Structured procrastination gives some amazing tipps to trick yourself into doing something .
The # 1 skill as all of us " intermediate " and " advanced " users know , is how to web search properly .
The main app I use specifically for this is Daytum .
By definition productivity is measured by calculating the total output per unit of total input .
Let 's Do This is the simplest , easiest , and best looking way to manage your daily to do list .
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight .
Try Anki : http : / / ankisrs.net / I hope it is the software you need .
Stephen Covey speaks about this topic in his book " Seven habits of highly effective people " , in the chapter " Be proactive " .
I think the answer from Brian almost says it all .
Wisdom says broken heart is cured by another heart -- a new love definitely gets you over break-ups .
I have been there too and I have managed to solve these issues by taking away the origin .
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption .
Some years ago I read that one standard deviation in IQ ( ~ 15 IQ points ) increased productivity by 1.6 times .
Try to apply what you learn by implementing a small project , don 't just read .
I 'm going to be very short : you should set a singular purpose ( goal ) for yourself .
I 'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation .
I find that a good strong espresso will give me a buzz within a few minutes .
I tried listening to music also , but after some time your ears get hurt and that 's disturbing .
Self-discipline is good to a certain degree , but overdoing it can be counter-productive .
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period .
I bought " Typequick " and set aside a practice time everyday for about a month .
Mendeley is a free alternative to Evernote ( but they also have a Pro plan for more features ) .
What you really need is a long term goal , not a morning routine .
I recently read that a simple short-term change of the environment you work in actually helps to revive your energy .
This may not be the software that your looking for but this has the functionality that you need .
The user needs to evaluate for his / herself the cost / benefit of an " obvious " efficiency tool , such as macros .
I study in a university and live in its hostel .
So do you have a procrastination or an energy problem ?
Slightly funny but the internet meme " Asian Father " could be a satirical example .
Prioritization and keeping distractions away are good but these are not the key abilities .
Our body 's sleep patterns respond to light by production of serotonin and melatonin .
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job .
I 'd start by reading David Allen 's book : Getting Things Done .
Your objective is to find someone who wants to buy your products .
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise ( min .
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips .
Currently I 've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup , although this could do with some refinements and tweaks .
Part of the answer , at least , is that some people just can 't do it .
First of all , if you are not familiar with GTD , I 'd encourage you to read up on the literature .
Simplest way ... Our brain has to be use too with any thing around the world .
Feel the fear ... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear .
RTM is simply ninja for implementing a tickler file , so if you use Remember the Milk you 're all set .
I use a trackball mouse controlled by thumb , so my experience may be different .
Every human being has an observation skill and they can improve it with time .
I can speak from my current situation that people are , without question , more productive when a window view is available .
Personally I use mindmapping technique in order to summarize / outline / remember every topic I deal with .
Earplugs will muffle a good portion of sound if it is around normal voice level .
I 've been suffering the same problem for the last few years without realizing it .
For me , it also works to start with easy to achieve goals , like : focus on specific task for 10 minutes .
I 've recently bought two sit / stand Galant tables from IKEA and I 'm quite happy with them .
So , in another words , how can get into a state of concentration , faster .
Dou you really want these kind of people in your team ?
So how do you improve your productivity as a programmer ?
Needing multiple levels of tasks seem more like project management .
Co-founders are already given lots of incentives in the form of money and acknowledgement .
Something I have been taught while studying English and then preparing for tests / exams like IELTS which may be of help here .
Amazon allows any Kindle user to set up an email address ( username @ kindle.com ) which you can email documents to .
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule .
It 's a subjective question but In my opinion , people should clean their inbox tasks before sleeping .
I think that your experiment shows exactly how important self confidence for productivity is .
Blogging about what you 're learning about is so completely useful .
I would suggest doing a thorough and honest evaluation of your time .
As the development usually requires a " peaceful mind " , I leave it to the end of the day .
Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10 % due to interruptions , stress and noise .
Experience : you must have noticed in you project / office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly .
Check out these two resources on learning while sleeping http : / / blogs.smithsonianmag.com / science / 2012 / 06 / experiments-show-we-really-can-learn-while-we-sleep / http : / / www.scientificamerican.com / podcast / episode.cfm ? id = some-skill-sleep-learning-may-work-12-06-25 Apparently it is possible .
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas .
I disagree that the moniker “ most extensive ” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt ’ s language .
I had always thought she was the daughter of a Daniel the 7th cylon .
There are many races in the Star Trek universe that are so near-human there may be no discernible difference .
I think Voldemort 's arrogance has to be included in the equation .
Storm Front is probably the worst of the Dresden books .
The best explanation comes from Picard in Star Trek : First Contact .
I would start with the Chronicles and move on to the Legends series .
We know that the Puppeteer homeworld achieved 3 % of the speed of light in 8 years , according to Juggler of Worlds .
This comes from " The Gripping Hand " , the sequel to " The Mote in God 's Eye " .
The same way they got the van , the guns , and their clothes into the dream .
It 's similar to the wind-up tech used in olden toys and watches .
Various bits of them can be used for magical purposes .
The most obvious answer is that the energy shield does not extend all the way to the ground .
I still think it could be River in the suit .
I think it 's a reference to Nathan 's mother 's boyfriend , Jeremy .
How would they be able to keep pace with the lesser , illogical races of the universe if they did ?
I think that they do , at least they replicate the majority of the components and assemble them by hand .
No , Harry dropped the Stone before is encounter with Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest .
I had always thought she was the daughter of a Daniel the 7th cylon .
I think the whole point is something like " quality rather than quantity " .
Surely the facehugger would have the same kind of blood as the aliens themselves ?
In Wishful Drinking http : / / www.imdb.com / title / tt1705977 / Carrie Fisher brings up her changing accent .
The unofficial reason is that JKR found it difficult to do something new in the Quidditch matches every book .
I have two reasons that work not only within the Star Wars universe , but our own as well : Visibility .
I 'd be more inclined to believe that it 's some sort of ring world .
I 've not seen Origins , but this has been inconsistently displayed through the comics .
On the one hand , there ’ s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time .
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST : TNG .
Their jurisdiction ( prior to the new 52 that started this month ) was the entire known universe * .
First of all , let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell .
Well , first , I think it 's because Harry is better than Hermione at Defence Against the Dark Arts in general .
I 'd say yes , he was a Sith - just not a very good one .
Not an official reference as 2000AD online has not opened their wiki to the public .
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first !
I 'm going to put several answers together , and add in a bit of own bit .
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic .
So far there is no definitive answer in the books who the Prince That Was Promised is .
There are several drive types in various games and shows that avoid dilation by not actually generating velocity .
To answer your second question , they were definitely not named because of that capability , even if the capability existed .
As far as I have noticed , Elantris and Warbreaker are completely independent ; there are no connections between their plots .
Real World Answer : The discrepancies are a series of continuity errors .
Answering your question of whether or not Voldemort knew Harry was a Horcrux : No , he did not .
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her .
Let 's assume that the planet only orbits one of the stars .
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more .
We became the world described in it over the last 10 years .
To add to what jwenting said , you can clearly see Vader hit by the emperor strikes .
What do you mean by " reincarnation as opposed to a ghola " ?
This is an Alderson Disk and has been featured in Godwheel .
That logic is like assuming because of the HP Pavillion DV6000 , there must have been 5999 previous models .
Storm Front is probably the worst of the Dresden books .
Yep , the book pretty clearly states that the boat was designed for two - 1 Wizard and one not .
TL ; DR ( for my answer , not the question ) : Depends on the author .
There 's a mythical creature called a Namazu - a giant catfish .
Mark Roger 's answer of Chronicles , Legends , and Tales is a good answer .
Surely the facehugger would have the same kind of blood as the aliens themselves ?
In Anne Rice novels vampires wake up each night with the hair they had when they became vampires .
I suspect it was deliberately kept vague to make a good story .
After taking a random guess , I figured I 'd do some more research and find out more details .
Aside from factual details in DavRob 's answer , they are different applications .
First , it is explicitly stated that electronics don 't work in areas with a lot of magic around .
I think that the British cultural aversion to guns would apply in this case .
While all of these are very good suggestions and they have some sort of evidence as backup .
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy , not a science guy .
From a purely technical standpoint , it was clearly a design flaw in that it went STRAIGHT DOWN .
First , we must consider that " Sphere " is less Hard SF and more soft SF , thriller , airport novel and such .
According to canon , Leia was an expert in combat , especially shooting ( this is from EU books ) .
I ’ m going to make some suggestions that might help us make more sense of , Why the Cup ? !
Anthony Burgess ' " A Clockwork Orange " was written in 1962 , and contained an entire lexicon of " Nadsat " slang .
I also read up on some stuff while playing the game and afterwards ...
I don 't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation .
He was so old and the conditions where he lived last 40 years were bad .
One possibility is that his wife was right - he 's still in a dreamworld .
Perhaps " in the future " means after time machines have been invented in their natural time stream .
Here is the 2006 cover release , choice B in your question is the 2006 version .
" Mayflies " by Kevin O 'Donnell tells the story of a generation ship , built as an escape from a dying Earth .
I know they have to be careful with idiom at first in Stranger in a Strange Land .
From my understanding a big part of how long the gate stays open is based on power consumption .
This is a very often-debated subject … You 'll want to tailor the choice to that person 's taste .
Star Wars has its own magnificent historical timeline in addition to being a masterfully executed space-based science fantasy .
" Counterfeit Worlds : Philip K. Dick on Film " by Brian J. Robb has a fairly lengthy article in it about Total Recall .
The black dog is a portent of death in many English folk tales .
This type of warp drive is known as an Alcubierre drive , proposed by the Mexican physicist Miguel Alcubierre .
The WoT Wiki says that publication was pushed back from late 2011 to March 2012 .
Martinho lists everything I considered , but the one thing I think he missed was Ringworld Hindmost 's engineering skill .
The Doctor says in A Good Man Goes to War that it must 've happened ' before America ' .
Note : We had a very similar question on Writers.SE ; I 'm cross-posting my answer from there , adjusted to your specific question .
Sign language maybe , since there is no tone to convey meaning , emotion or intent .
Remember , from the Fleet 's point of view , the rest of the galaxy is what 's moving and experiencing time dilation .
I 've always attributed this to the size of the debris that collided with the ship .
It was learned with 2001 : A Space Odyssey , released in 1968 , that 100 % pure space realism doesn 't make for good sound design .
Yes , here is a quote from Star Wars : Episode I - The Phantom Menace script .
There is one difference between this question and the invisible man question .
The alien was , iirc , huddled on its side in a small alcove .
In addition to the already given reasons , there are some additional very good reason for this .
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling .
I suspect it was deliberately kept vague to make a good story .
Lightsabers have changed little in the thousands of years of their employ by the Jedi Knights .
At one point there was English but it has been phased out in subsequent versions of the films .
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D / L method ?
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over .
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken .
As per BCCI.TV Brendon McCullum was declared man of the series .
I haven 't seen a pro team use a sweeper in YEARS .
Yes , absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot , actually .
Barclays Premier League ( henceforth BPL ) starts in the month of August ( after the FA Community Shield ) .
The rule is in place so that a manager can 't keep coming out and slowing down the game .
You 'll need to incorporate weight training and / or intervals in order to maintain ( or increase ) your muscle mass .
Albanian Ledio Pano has perfect record scoring over 50 penalties for various teams in Greece and Albania .
Of course it 's legal and has happened many times other than the accepted answer 's example .
The meaning of the dead ball is no further actions can be performed after the ball is declared as dead .
This has occurred in the match between Australia and South Africa .
Running downhill is more physically demanding , as your body is doing more to resist the force of gravity .
We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun .
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each .
The " neighborhood play " at second base , where the fielder doesn 't actually touch second base during a double play attempt .
There are two types of left arm spin bowlers , Chinaman and Orthodox .
In the said case , the batting side wins by 1 wicket .
No matter what , runners are never out until they are tagged in this situation .
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics .
Searching the internet for a possible answers , made me realize that this question has been asked many times before .
That 's why free hit is not implemented in the Test Cricket .
The stated rational behind the introduction of the play-off in the Turkish league was last year 's corruption scandal .
To answer the question on places to read about football strategy , I would highly recommend Zonal Marking .
I 've searched the internet and found some really good " How To 's " .
You are misinterpreting the rule ; you can pass the ball to your goalie using your head , chest or whatever .
Unlike in cricket , its really hard to stop the game in between a football game .
There are quite a few actually ; practically every game between Turkey and Germany have had some player " upsetting " one side .
The top of the ball will be going in the same direction of the wind .
It is hard to speak for a team , know what their strategy is going into a draft .
The Ranji Trophy is India 's domestic cricket competition played between teams representing REGIONAL cricket associations .
To play golf , the first thing you need is a set of clubs .
Yes , dew ( wetness in the environment ) factor can change the direction of a match .
Boxing has a win in 10 seconds via knockout , or instantly if the referee calls it .
Here 's an attempt to layout the history of the position , and the time periods in which it changed .
You would think they wouldn 't include a blatant violation , but they did .
Having done 37 marathons I can say some are definitely nicer than others .
Domestically , you start at the club level and work your way through the ranks .
Reading your post , made me think of my younger years ! !
Table tennis is to " real " tennis as " miniature " golf ( putt-putt ) is to " real golf .
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer .
Putting a ball in it and tying it up will help create a pocket .
1934 was the year that the Portsmouth Spartans moved to Detroit and became the Detroit Lions .
If its a new disc you may want to try bending it down towards the concave side .
Basically , the rule is that you must play the ball , and not the man , until someone catches the ball .
It all really depends on what kind of running you are doing .
Don 't stress about being the best or worst player on the course .
The replacement refs have , actually , made some atrocious calls throughout this preseason .
Any number of new metrics can be introduced to predict the winning percentages .
This was handled the same way small local swim meets are handled these days : stopwatches .
A center needs to have the firmest hands because he is the one " hiking " the ball to the quarterback .
I 'm in a similar situation , albeit I only run half-marathons and bike up to 60km .
This might sound very unhelpful , but really the only solution is lots of practice .
I think it was the 4-4-2. it had slighter modification like 4-1-2-1-2 and 4-2-2-2 .
The seedings are based on the rankings of the each of the participating nation at the cut off point .
Basically it is used for a delivery which is too good , almost unplayable and completely beats the batsman .
I am an assistant fencing coach for a collegiate club .
All my experience is in warm sub-tropics so NO WETSUIt swims .
Will Cole 's point # 3 is the closest to an accurate answer .
There are two variants of the fingers over the eye salute .
At the highest level , a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly .
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures .
First of all , I 'm writing this on my phone , so I wont bring you any sources at the moment .
Trailrunnerx on osx can sync with nike + , including after Nike 's recent changes to their API .
I haven 't found any technical tool under " indepedent training management " rather mechanical innovations .
Willie O 'Ree is the considered the first African American to play professionally in the NHL .
Grass fields can get torn up easily especially if the ground is wet .
To play golf , the first thing you need is a set of clubs .
The " neighborhood play " at second base , where the fielder doesn 't actually touch second base during a double play attempt .
Wet suits will make you more buoyant which for a swimmer is not a good thing .
So far this delivery has been used for well over a hundred years .
I can 't find anything in the rules to back this up , but I believe the call was correct .
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling .
Actually , it 's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent .
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch .
You definitely can do it , and it is fine where you have clean , dry climbing surfaces .
Generally you want signs to be simple between a pitcher and a catcher .
Essentially it hasn 't been introduced by UEFA because the top brass don 't support it because of the financial cost .
Yes , it makes a difference whether it 's the serve or in general play .
No , penalty runs will not be given if the ball hits the helmet of the wicket-keeper when wearing it .
No , there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award .
If your question is if this system is fair , then my response is that it is highly criticized .
I can 't think of the specifics , but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago .
To answer the question on places to read about football strategy , I would highly recommend Zonal Marking .
As per FIFA 's " Equipment Regulations " , Section 22 , only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap .
The first level of the pagoda : The primary key to jumping is balance .
The front row players can half-stretch their arms during the serve , without moving them .
Glad to hear you 've started playing hockey , its a great sport !
As far as I am concerned substitutes are used late on for one thing i.e .
They are similar and different because they share a similar lineage .
A good bet is that this is probably caused by being nervous , and you might be hyperventilating .
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first .
What do players that are available but are not playing , because you have enough , do ?
This tactic generally really only applies to teams with offenses that are directed by a good / excellent Quarterback .
Apart from batting out of order , the answer is no .
There 's a reason that Sports Psychology has grown into a pretty large niche of psychology overall .
The above answer is a good one but it only addresses fuel efficiency .
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she 's seeded / ranked # 127 .
The bowler may be presented with the ball at the end of the innings , as a trophy for his achievement .
Colorado native chiming in : There 's all manner of ski resorts within easy reach of Europe in Colorado .
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate .
And yes they do charge more for these types of rentals .
There is one airline , Spirit Airlines , which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service .
It depends not on which country is your home but which country offers the best exchange rates .
In Poland camping in the wild is tolerated , especially in the mountains .
Chicago CTA for within the city limits - http : / / www.transitchicago.com / - Trains are pretty decent in the city .
I 'd suggest you find a bank in your local country , and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them .
I wouldn 't stress about these emails , or the advanced notification at all .
I have also been in Cuba more than 5 years ago and I have never carried my passport .
Also it is more likely to get a jet bridge when traveling with the local airline .
As I remember , in Geneva at least , there are open air markets on a weekly basis .
Of the bigger countries , New Zealand is the first to celebrate New Year .
I 'm almost always check the websites of the ministries of foreign affairs of my neighboring countries .
One way would be to go through an Adventure travel company that offers trips in the region .
You can actually find a list of Adult Only resorts on this page .
The first that comes to mind are the amazing ciders made in Sweden .
If you 're only worried about them stealing the car and not the contents I would remove the distributor cap .
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper .
Istanbul is far enough to the south to have decent daylight in January .
I got a Berlittz pocket sized French & Spanish books for when I was recently in France & Spain .
The license held restriction is normally required by the insurance companies the rental places use .
The answer is that it can be done , and without too much stress !
In order to avoid the tourist traps , someone in your party needs to speak the language .
I 'm in Russia now - just got off the train in Volgograd .
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation .
If you own an iPad something like MindNode or iMindMap might be worth looking at .
Further to earlier answers , the information given so far is bit vague and so might mislead .
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE .
The hotspot you link to is a 3G to wifi device .
Non-airconditioned classes tend to have less strict ticket checks starting with the lowest class and gradually increasing till the highest class .
You mention 120 GB of data , and " long holidays " so I 'll assume that 's for something on the order of two months .
It 's very hard to make a universal socket that 's compliant with all the safety standards that would apply .
We stayed in a kibbutz at Ein Gedi which was nice .
In most cultures where toilet paper is NOT used , people still need to clean up , right ?
Kyoto , at least does , as described here : JR Kyoto Station .
For me it works quite well to try to estimate a daily budget for a given country / region .
There 's a geek answer to this , and a practical answer to this .
Well personally , I find a yawn is by far the easiest and least painful way of inducing the so-called ' pop ' .
( That assumes that your local airport in the states is big enough to have middle eastern airlines serve it ! ) .
The answer you get will depend entirely on who you ask ...
The only website that I know is Farecast , that now seems to be called Bing Travel .
I visited Peru in August , starting from Lima and touring for three weeks .
I was in a situation where I had to mail in my passport for a visa - no problems for me .
You 're a little off , but if you Google for ETOPS you 'll find the details on what you 're referring to .
Check with your bank to be sure , but I would say Yes .
The Pilar Festival is held every year around the second week of October in Zaragoza .
In most of the cases , you can do that ( specially in western Europe ) .
You might be able to get a second passport from your Government .
True to the name , the LCCT terminal is pretty barebones and has little of interest .
Generally , almost wherever I go , I find it 's easiest to get money out of the ATM .
For questions like this , I prefer the scientific and mathematical approach .
You don 't need US driver 's license , just your national one .
I 've only been to a couple of different places , but Hobbiton was pretty cool and I 'd definitely recommend it .
Work visas aren 't going to be given on arrival anywhere ( I 'd be highly surprised if they did ) .
Answers to 1b : Depending where you go , you can use FON .
Australia has fruit picking , which is commonly done by seasonal labour ( a.k.a packpackers ) .
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland : The West Highland Way .
As was mentioned already the major two carriers in Australia are Vodafone and Telstra .
As @ Doc said , X-ray do not damage electronic devices , however , metal detectors may .
The answer will depend significantly on what country you 're traveling to .
German event organizer Jochen Schweizer offers flying a MiG 29 in Nizhniy Novgorod for 14.5k EUR .
Open tickets Be aware that there is no such thing as a completely open ticket .
I 've just been in Rovaniemi , Finland a couple of weeks ago .
I don 't think Åre or Funäsfjällen are really so far away as to be impossible .
A city that is very near to Helsinki ( maybe 1 hour by direct bus connection ) is Porvoo .
I 'm not certain this should be down to country or culture .
I 'll just mention that you are not likely to experience any problems in crossing the US / Canada border by car .
Another option is the 3G Amazon Kindle , which lets you use an ' experimental ' browser without any charges anywhere in the world .
Before we discuss ways to get in , you first need to remember that lounges aren 't free .
I 've been living in the LA area ( in Long Beach , exactly ) for 7 months , being there for studying abroad .
http : / / www.php.net / Down the right hand side there are many user group .
Having done London to Singapore by train ¹ I know a little bit about long train rides .
Another possibility is the FunTouristAttractions map of Europe - but again , not many natural attractions on it .
A backpacker friend of mine managed to get hired as crew member on a sail boat .
The final solution was two-fold : I ended up staying a few nights in Burnaby .
One additional factor to consider is if your suitcases have sufficient structural rigidity to survive the trip empty .
My method is to keep valuables in a piece of luggage that locks .
I 'd suggest you give some consideration to visiting the Loire Valley .
Nothing , really , unless you mean to stay in the jungles for a while .
Most places will accept a photocopy along with a security deposit - same with cars .
Zurich is very nicely , centrally located , in Switzerland , both within the country itself , and in relation to neighboring countries .
I have recently done a lot of research in to guides for doing Mt .
This trip , I stayed in Sapporo , Zao Onsen , Sendai , and a few nights in Tokyo .
Megabus is hands down the cheapest buy for the value , granted you 're on the Eastern side of the plains .
There are trains via Knin , which means a large detour inland ( there just isn 't a coastal line ) .
Plastic wrap , or some sort of net , is also a common technique for people traveling with backpacking packs .
Travel Books is the traditional option : Lonely Planet , Fodors , Rick Steves , Rough Guide , etc .
Burning Man Festival itself organises a ticket exchange programme for those interested in reselling their tickets .
In Israel hitchhiking ( Tremping ) is pretty common , though I would not recommend it for tourists .
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour ?
There are many but , and I think this list may not be all , but certainly most .
As I remember , in Geneva at least , there are open air markets on a weekly basis .
100 % DEET is certainly very effective , but it 's hard on your skin .
This ploy is known as " hidden-city ticketing " , and you should find plenty written about it if you search for that term .
For France , a great site for renting farmhouses in coutryside or small villages is Gîtes de France .
My assumption is that TSA is concerned about what could be concealed within the liquid .
Personally I have a OV-chipkaart which is connected to my train reduction card .
Yes , have all the documentation of your travel prepared for each leg !
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness .
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist .
There is nothing wrong with the phrase " simple sample service " .
I 've started my own tool since I didn 't like yWriter and Storybook .
Yes , this is OK , as it allows you to emphasise certain things , that you want the readers to notice .
Some writers will tell you that writing fan fiction is lazy , uncreative , a fruitless endeavor , and a waste of time .
First person has the unfortunate side-effect of being narrated in an extreme sort of way .
If your plot is no longer interesting to you , let it go .
It 's ( almost ) grammatically correct , but it doesn 't seem " natural " to me at all .
For fiction , I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and / or ebooks .
There are many good copywriting software packages , books , and even courses available .
I 'm inclined to say no , in that any answer will depend entirely on the genre that you 're writing in .
Your writing career will only end if you stop writing .
I think this is completely a matter of personal preference .
What is your purpose in writing about a foreign country or place ?
" In the " sounds like it 's going on for a while — a chapter or two .
You might not get the publicity you 're looking for from these kinds of sites .
David Weber 's The War God 's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well .
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution .
I wrote a novel a couple years ago and I have two pieces of advice for the beginning steps .
In its broadest sense , I would define purple prose as excessive and imprecise description .
You just need to shut off the inner critic , and start writing .
If you want a Windows option , HP and Dell both have great tablets .
Your worry is a valid one ; the reader could be frustrated by this .
I write in a similar vein , and sometimes face the same problem .
I personally love spiral notebooks when I 'm out and about .
You have two items to consider : what makes a person likable , and why you would sympathize with someone .
Under US law , a direct parody is considered " fair use " .
No , you don 't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area .
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths , is they are extremely prevalent stories .
I believe it depends on whether you are trying to be personable or professional .
What you are talking about isn 't " voice " , but a scene change .
We just addressed this recently , and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets .
Try an experiment : take one aspect of that person 's faith and go into ridiculous emotional detail .
The opening words of an essay should immediately enmesh the reader in your wiles .
Set up your world as a version of The Matrix .
Contact the local users group of the technology you 've written about .
My advice would be to write your second novel , and then maybe even a third , before doing anything else .
If you can find one , a Z88 might be a good choice .
Give him his own story so he 's not stealing scenes in someone else 's .
Why would you add extra anything if your plot doesn 't need it ?
Matter of opinion and all that , but I prefer plain text with no formatting .
You can jumble the characters of the existing species names .
I 'm interested to note that the users who expressed a preference went with the first version .
I think it largely depends on what kind of " children 's book " we 're talking about .
The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving , but they are also cowards .
You need to have another good look at the structure of the novel .
You are evidently aware of plagiarism and seem to consider it something that isn 't right .
I find the repetitive use of the same verb in a paragraph to be jarring .
I have tried to write in XML and latex but neither seems very stream lined for fiction .
You can write the book in any way you choose , as long as it works for you .
This is an exceptionally difficult question to answer , because no-one actually knows the answer .
It 's a crutch if you don 't make it solid enough to stand on it 's own .
Sometimes , parentheses can be vital to your essay ( except when they 're not ) .
In the last several months since this question was posted , e-books have surpassed hardback books in total sales volume .
Yes , dull dialog should be removed completely ( or transformed to interesting dialog ) .
a good story / novel / book shouldn 't have to have a " suddenly " to get surprise from the reader .
Copyright laws tend to be similar everywhere , because most countries adhere to the Berne Convention .
I use OneNote and I think it 's the best computer program ever happened .
I don 't think ' actually ' is particularly casual , and I agree with Dale Emery that the other words have different meanings .
I would say it 's perfectly possible to have an ensemble cast .
I go brainstorming by mapping out different scenes on a page , and trying to connect them .
Aside from the grammar checker in MS Word , I can 't really think of any .
Not a tablet , but a mini notebook sounds like it meets your size and battery life requirements .
Write it as if you 're the one apologizing to them .
NaNoWriMo Tens of thousands of lunatics collectively deciding to write an entire novel apiece in 30 days .
Don 't explain in detail how complicated it is , nor how to understand it .
Suggestion - stick to publically acessible facts , and express them as factual only in terms of the characters in your story .
The answer to your question is : It depends on how the writer works .
There 's a good essay by Malinda Lo on the process .
A good opening line gets the reader hooked and eager to read the next line .
Fictionpress is a popular website that allows anyone to upload stories , read those stories , and comment .
I think your problem is procrastination , given that revising is no fun ( imho ) .
Fastest and easiest to make the first couple bucks : Sell to your family and friends , get them to recommend them .
This is a bit like asking how long a piece of string should be .
I agree with Lauren 's answer : You need highs and lows in any story .
If " 100k " and " 50k " are word-counts ( and in this context , that 's certainly what I 'd expect ) , that 's " novella " ( for ~ 50k words ) up to " novel-length " ( at 100k words ) .
Webster 's New World Rhyming Dictionary : Clement Wood 's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first .
Helping my 11 yr old son with a project last night , I noticed he was two-spacing it .
Art is obsession , and how well ( or badly ) it 's dealt with seems to fascinate artists .
David Gerrold has always shied away from numbering chapters ; he just puts in a section break and keeps writing .
Since this is deemed on topic , I 'll give my recommendation as a proper answer .
I use Subversion and Git as sort of a front end to Subversion .
Sitting around a campfire discussing the highlights of the day 's events is a good mechanism for character development during travel .
Why should your description of a scene occur at an instant in time , like a photo ?
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing .
I have been doing a lot of my outlining / pre-writing work in Workflowy .
I am not a lawyer , my post comes from my experience working in the publishing world .
I found thinking about Scene / Sequel helpful in learning to avoid pointless scenes , both while revising and during outlining .
What happens in your story seems , from your description , to be action / thriller .
This question is crying for a link to the Sacred Cows of Publishing Killing .
Applying structure to prose is no more than good writing practice , after all , and not limited to blogs .
In these days of googling , it 's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation .
It does feel weird when you 're writing , but you don 't notice it when you 're reading .
I have been doing a lot of my outlining / pre-writing work in Workflowy .
Problem # 1 : There is no such thing as good and evil .
You 're asking a good question , and if I may restate it : How do I write an effective business e-mail ?
I think what many archetype systems use as a base point ( consciously or unconsciously ) is the Enneagram of Personality .
Just be aware , why flashbacks are considered bad : Many people cannot follow them .
I would abbreviate your degrees ; chances are your audience will understand them .
The main reason this doesn 't grab my attention is that there is no sense of immediacy .
" The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery " " s electrical state "
there is a gap between the postive terminal 6
it was copntained ina closed circuit
When one bulb goes out it creates a gap on the path .
Burnt bulbs have no voltage at one of there terminals .
the closed path is connected to the light bulb
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery
because there is a gap in bulb b
there is a damaged bulb
the path must be closed in order for the bulb to be lit
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths .
the battery is a chemical reaction that does not rely on the circuit being complete or not .
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other .
bulbs a and c are not in a closed path with bulb b
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit
had a closed path to the battery
switch y is not in the path to the battery
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal .
Not contained in a closed path
The battery terminals have different electrical states .
because bulb a is damaged
an open switch causes a gap .
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other .
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal
if it disrupts the path of the bulb and the battery
if the switch it is in the closed path , then it affects the bulb
the battery is connected to itself in a closed path
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a .
where the switch is in path determines whether it affects the bulb
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete
a bulb causes a difference in electrical state
The battery must be connected to the bulb
the voltage between terminal 1 and the positive terminal is 1.5 V
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts .
the circuit is no longer complete when the switches are open
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection .
" Energy flows through the path so if there " " s a gap , there " " s no energy "
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal
If the path contains is closed with a battery , the bulb will light up .
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5
It cuts the current from the battery
gap between terminal 3 and positive battery terminal
both bulbs a and c are contained in a closed path
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery .
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices
there is still a closed path
the switch is in the same path as the bulb
the are on the same wire
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs
there is a closed path
Because the meter was hooked up to two sides of the battery .
there is no gap in the path
removing or damaging one bulb will not affect the other .
if there is a gap between the terminals , the voltage will be different .
Because the chemical reaction is not effected by a gap .
There is not a connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal .
that it is connected to the negative terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery .
makes it an open path rather then closed
because A and C still have a connection to the battery
the battery is on a closed path
it was enclosed in a complete circuit
If it is in the same path as the bulb .
because of the chemical reaction in the battery
becaquse there was a gap in the connection
there was a negavtive gap
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6
" because switch z is in bulb c " " s closed path "
Bulb A and B are still contained within closed paths
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6 .
There is no difference in electrical states .
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery
bulb a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the bulb causes a gap
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bulb terminal .
When a switch , a battery , and a bulb are in a closed circuit .
The terminals are not connected
circuit 2 is a short circuit
It is not in the same path as bulb A .
the path must contain a battery
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery
because it was connected to the positive terminal
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected
the battery always has voltage
the negative battery terminal and terminals 1 , 2 , and 3 are located closest to each other
Terminal 4 is connected to bulb B
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery
the bulbs are conained in different paths with the battery
A battery and a closed circuit .
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery
there is a closed path that contains bulb and a battery
" Both ends of the battery aren " " t connected to each other . "
There is a gap in the path
because there was a closed circuit
if the bulb is contained within the path
a and c both create circuts with the battery
The positive battery is separated by a gap with terminal 1 .
The positive terminal and terminal 1 read 1.5 V because the difference across the terminals is 1.5 V
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal .
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6 .
Terminal 1 was connected to a negative terminal 4 .
because x and z could be closed and it will work .
the switch is in a path with the bulb
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path .
if bulb b is damaged it does not make a complete circut
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery
the value of measurement indicates if the bulb is burned out
bulb b and c are on a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is contained in a closed path and not affected by switch Y .
The electrical states of two terminals when connected will determine the gaps and help to locate a burned out bulb .
There was a closed path between the battery and bulb a .
path 5 is a short circuit .
the electrical state can locate the gap
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6 making the voltage 0
the negative battery terminal is connected to bulb terminal 1,2 and 3 only .
That there is a gap
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery
a component to the battery
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal
because bulb A and B are within the same path
because it changes the path from closed to open
Because it was in the same circuit
a closed component to the battery
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths .
terminal 2 was connected to the negative terminal
bulb A and B will stil be in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery .
There was a closed circuit
if it is in the closed path with the battery
Registering a voltage at a location tells you there is a gap somewhere in between the measured terminals
contained in the same circuit not connected to the opposite terminal
it creates a gap in the closed path
closed path , connected to a battery
becasue it can be in another closed pathway
because B and C were still on a closed path with the battery
It creates a gap , so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs .
Because there is a gap in the circuit .
it was not a closed path
Because the battery is connected to the bulb
there is a gap between the terminals
the battery alone is in a closed path
the bulbs are contained in diffrent closed pathes .
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery .
there was closed paths between the battery
because it had a complete circuit with no gaps to the battery
Because the first 3 terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery .
bulbs b and c are on the ame path as the battery
There is a gap in the connection
Terminal has the same electrical state
if the switch is in the path is can affect the light bulb
" the electricity can " " t pass through "
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and C
Bulbs B and C will be on open paths with the battery
bulb a was on a closed path
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in a closed path with the battery .
because the gap will not effect the voltage .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal
the attery is not in a closed path
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6 and bulb c is damaged
when it disrupts a complete path
There was a connection between terminal 1 and the positive terminal
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4
There is no gap in the circuit .
there is a closed path that contains bulb a and does not contain switch y
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery .
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery
Because it was not connect to the negative end of the terminal
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery
There is a bad connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal .
Because it still caught the current from both terminals
bulbs b and c are not in a closed path with bulb a
Damaged bulb A creates a gap in the circuit
The current has shorted out the battery .
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other .
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component .
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad , and the other ones are good .
because it is not in the path to the battery
Bulb A , bulb B and bulb C are not contained in the same closed path .
It has its own path that is connected to the battery
there is a gap between terminal 6 and a positive battery terminal
If the path is unbroken by the switch then the switch will not have an affect
bulbs a and c are wired within a closed path
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal .
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage
there is not a closed path that contains the batteyr and bulb b and bulb c
the voltage stays the same within the battery
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths .
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path
There is a gap in the circut .
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4 .
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3 .
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
If a switch is connected to a bulb it will still work .
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery
The voltage does not change .
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery
there are other closed paths
The bulb does not effect the others
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH
the posiive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal had different electrical states .
switch z is contained in a closed path
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit
If one bulb is removed , the others stop working
Terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal .
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2
because bulb c burning out would not damage the complete circuit
because bulb a and b are still contained within a closed path with the battery
because there was two negative connections
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery .
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path .
i said bulbs a and c are linked to the battery !
bulb a is contained in their closed paths
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path .
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4 .
Bulb A is not in the same path as Bulb B and Bulb C .
because the circuits will be closed
There is a gap in the closed path .
There is not a closed path with the battery and bulb C
The electrical state will be non-zero
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap
Both components need to be in closed paths .
Switch X can still form a closed path
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side .
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2
The battery is in an open path to the bulb .
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery
there is no difference in electrical states
all have the same voltage reading
the path a bulb is on determines whether or not a switch affects a bulb
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path
bulb A is connected to switch Z
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal .
bulb had a short circuit
Battery will always have voltage .
It turns off all the bulbs .
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal .
because a and c are still in a closed circuit
there is still a closed path
the positive battery terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal .
bulb c is not on the same path as bulb a or bulb b
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery .
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery .
A light bulb is attached to the battery .
switch z could be closed
The positive battery terminal is a closed path from terminal 4 .
A damaged bulb disrupts the flow of the current .
because there is no gap between the positive and negative terminal
terminal 1 is connected to a battery
Bulb A was still in a closed path
there is a gap in the connection .
there is a closed path , with no lightbulb in the path
damaging bulb a creates a gap .
bulb a is in the same path of bulbs b and c
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery .
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb b or c
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is a gap
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not
because a chemical reaction inside the battery keeps the positive and negative terminals at different electrical states at all times .
the battery is in a closed circuit
Because it stops the flow of one side of a battery from reaching the other light bulbs .
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage ,
because it was contained in same path as the battery
Terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative terminal
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery .
it was in a closed path with a battery
the negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed
There is a gap between the bulb and the battery terminal .
bulb a and bulb b are containe4d in different paths with the battery .
That the terminals are not connected to each other .
because a difference in voltage is due to a gap .
It was connected to the positive terminal .
the batteries terminals are not connected
because the path was closed
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb .
bulb c is not in the same path of the battery .
+ releases current - recieves it ?
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal
electrical state is not connected to volts
it will cut off the circuit
Bulbs are on different closed paths
the path will be closed
because the path is short
both terminals were connected to the negative terminal of the battery
Bulb A was in a closed circuit .
The path it was on
because terminal 1 had both a positive and negative charge .
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb b and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal .
The gap prevents the terminals from being closed
because there is no closed path to the battery
it can be either closed or open
terminal 6 has gap
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a difference of 1.5 volts between terminal 1 and the positive terminal
" The battery " " s voltage comes from a chemical reaction that takes place within the battery itself . "
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb
removing one bulb shuts off the other .
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb .
both of the terminals are connected to the negative battery terminal
the bulb is not connected on both ends
The battery is not contained in the closed path
the bulb will not light
If bulb B is damaged , then the circut is no longer closed .
A battery and a bulb must be in a closed path together
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path .
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path
A switch creates a break in the closed path .
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not
It must be in a closed path .
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself .
Because if the gap is open the bulb will not go on
The path has to be closed in order for a switch to affect a bulb
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
removing of damaging any of the bulbs will shut off the other bulbs .
It still has a connect path between bulb a and c and the battery .
terminal is connected to the battery
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong .
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4
terminal one is not connected to terminal six
" if the switch is included in the bulb " " s closed path , then the switch being open will affect the bulb "
the terminals were connected to the positive terminals of the battery
if it is closed and contained in the same closed path with the battery
its not effecting the current to switch A
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one .
The circuit is not closed around the battery .
Because it can go through switch Z
the negative battery terminal is not reaching terminal 6
Terminal 6 was only connected to the positive terminal .
if the path is closed with the battery , the switch doesnt affect it
it does not damage the battery
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected .
because bulb c is not included in the closed path
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states .
circuit was complete until gap
the gap in terminal 2 is postive
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery .
because terminal one is connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb , battery , and switch are in closed path
terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the open switch will open the path
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state .
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
Because the battery is not in a closed path .
bulb a creates a gap
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals
the gap between the damaged wires of bulb b creates a gap in the path .
The terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery .
switch y does not affect bulb A
because it was in a closed path
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit connected to the battery
the terminal is connected to a bad bulb terminal .
those terminals are on the same side as the negative battery terminal
it creates a gap in the current .
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path .
the two terminals are connected
bulb is contained in a closed path .
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery
the battery is not connected correctly
because it has another closed path it can use
Damaging Bulb A would disrupt the closed path with the battery .
The chemical reation still exists
Bulb C was off when switch Z was open because bulb C was directly in an open path .
because the voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals
because the broken bulb created a gap not allowing the current to flow through both .
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel
It receives current from switche Z .
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4
there is a gap caused by bulb A
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path
bulb a come before switch y
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery
The voltage size is 0
same path with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path
because the voltage was 0 and there is a gap between 3 and 4
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal .
B and C are not in the same circuit as A .
bulb b created a gap
the battery is not connected to the bulb
damaged bulb a creates a gap
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path
there is a gap between terminals
because there is a gap in the bulb
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery .
it is connected to the positive terminal
it the switch is blocking the battery it effects it if not then it doesnt matter .
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery .
Y is not needed for bulb a to light
terminal 1 is connected to negative
bulbs are in different closed paths
" because switch y isn " " t included in bulb A " " s closed path "
When the switch is in the path of the bulb .
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4
can complete the path by having z be closed
There will be a gap a bulb A
elictrical state of batter and terminal
the terminal is connected to the battery terminal
It creates a gap in the circut .
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery
the value of the measurement indicates if there is a gap
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2 .
if the damaged bulb and the other bulb are contained within the same path
because bulb b is damaged so the path has a gap
circuit 2 is connected to a terminal on the battery
Because it has a gap .
it runs on a different current
the posotive battery and terminal 1 created a circut
the bulbs are on separate paths
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery
Bulb A , bulb B and bulb C are contained in differnt paths .
It had its own path
Because the bulb is connected correctly .
the battery is contained in a closed path
there is a gap in the path
Because there is a difference between the electrical states of the two terminals .
there is a gap in the circuit that causes a gap between terminals 1,2 , and 3 and 4,5 , and 6
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path to the battery
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path with the battery .
there are two components in the path
A and B are still in a closed pathway with the battery
Bulb a will not create a gap for bulb b and c
" bulb A " " s path only contained switch Z "
An incomplete circuit does not affect voltage .
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2
terminal 2 has a gap
because of the gap that bulb B created
B nor C will have a contained closed paths to the battery
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit .
Each circuit must have a connection .
terminal connected to positive charge
because it was not contained in the closed path .
Bulbs A and B are on a different closed path
Because it is not in the same path
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit
If the path is not closed , the switch will not affect the bbulb
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4 .
a battery is in a constant state of electricity
because voltage is the difference between two terminals and those terminals were not connected in a closed path
Because it is in an incomplete path
There is a bulb connected to the battery terminal .
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery .
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal
bulb c was not connected to the battery .
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal
because it still was on a closed path
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1
bulbs a and c are connected to the battery on the same path
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself .
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal
removing one bulb shuts off the other
damaging one turns off the other
bulbs a , b , and c are on parallel paths
" Without A , there " " s no closed path "
because a battery has a chemical reaction that causes a voltage
if it leaves a gap in the path with the battery
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bubl terminal
" it creates a gap that doesn " " t allow the electrical current flow to to the other bulbs . "
because the battery is not in a closed circuit
bulb a is contained in a complete circuit when switch x is closed .
A closed path with a battery and bulb
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap
bulb c does not create a gap
Bulb A will create a gap in the path
the bulbs are on the same path
All components are in a closed circuit .
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together .
because it is still connected to a batery
the bulb is not contained in a closed path
an open switch contained in the path will leave a gap
the bulb only has one terminal connected
There is a difference in electrical states .
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states .
the battery is in a closed path with itself .
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4 .
It creates a short circuit .
there is no path between the bulb-holders
there will be a gap
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths .
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C .
Terminal one is connected to terminal 4
terminal 1 , terminal 2 , and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery
" the battery isn " " t working and is dead . "
The bulbs will not be powered if the circuit path is incomplete .
the battery is containing a negative charge only
A terminal is connected to a bulb .
a is in a closed circuit when x is closed
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path .
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal .
The gap seperates the positive and negative charges
bulb a is contained on a path separated from the closed paths of bulbs b and c .
not connected to positive battery
" because the battery doesn " " t get damaged sense it is coming in full contact a one end with the bulb . "
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery
Because there is a light bulb
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery .
each bulb contains its own closed path
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path with the battery
As long as X and Z are closed A will light
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery .
because bulb c is not in the same ppath
switch is closed to make a closed path
bulb a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery .
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs .
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal .
the circuit path A was on was still closed
The difference in electrical state
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete
If bulb B is damaged , there is no path
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery .
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed path with the battery
A burned out bulb indicates a gap in the connection between opposite ends of the battery terminals
Bulb A , Bulb C , and the battery are in a closed path .
C would not create a gap for A or B
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal
the terminal it is connected to is not working
There is a closed path with the battery and bulb A
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit
Because there is a gap .
the terminals are connected to each other .
We switched the terminals around .
Bulb a created a gap
bulbs must contain battery in the path without a gap
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed .
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A .
Because neither of the components are connected to themselves .
the positive battery is connected to the terminal 4 .
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open
because it was on a closed path
a damaged bulb does not complete the circut .
The battery is not closed in a closed path .
It is in the same closed path .
because the voltage meter was connected to a positive and negative side
because bulb a is not in the path of switch y
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C .
There must be a closed path .
In circuit 5 , the battery IS in a closed path .
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs
the path must be closed with the battery and the bulb
Bulbs B and C are not on the same line as bulb A .
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6
the battery is not connected to the terminal
Because the battery is not damaged when lighting the bulb
the battery still holds the electrical charge if there is an incomplete circuit .
there is no short circuit to the battery .
Because Bulb A was still receiving positive and negative currents .
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery
because bulb a is not in the same path as bulb b and c
the bulb is in the path of the circuit
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path
bulb a still has a path to the battery
The circuit will become incomplete .
there is still a path for the other 2
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery
There is a gap in the path .
If the switch is open , the path is not closed
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery .
both are on same closed paths
when it creates an open path
there will be a gap between the bulbs
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected
because bulb a was in a closed path
becuase the negative end of the votlage meter was connected to a positive circuit
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery
connected to the negative terminal
because the battery is in the closed path but the bulb is not
it was not in a complete circuit
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal
bulb a was on because it was contined in a closed path .
bulb c is not in the same path of bulb a and b .
Bulb B is on a different path
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
The negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6 .
if C is damaged , the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path
bulbs b and c are in the same closed path with the battery
A GAP WIL BE CREATED
the bulb must be in a closed circuit with the battery .
bulbs a , b , and c are on a path with the battery
the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 are connected
Bulb A , bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths .
There is a light bulb and a battery present
the positive battery terminal has no gaps from terminal 4
The circuit is complete with the battery and bulb a
bulbs B and C still are contained in closed circuits
since there is a gap
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb .
There must be a closed path and a battery .
because an open switch creates a gap .
There is a bulb in the circuit .
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery
the switch opens the closed circuit
because each bulb has its own pathway
switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path
Becuase the damaged bulb damages the path in which is was connecte to
because it can have complete circuit if Zis closed and Y is open
terminals 1,2 , and 3 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
because that created a gep in the circuit
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4
C does not effect the others , their paths are still closed
Bulb A , bulb B , and bulb C are contained in different closed paths .
becasue the terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery
a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery .
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery .
the battery is in the closed path .
When one bulb goes out the rest go out .
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path .
bulb a is in the closed path
for the same reason as 3
because switch Y did not affect bulb and and the battery closed path
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5 .
The light bulb is not in a closed path
it breaks the closed circuit
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery .
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery
the battery is not in a closed bath alone
battter is contained in a closed path
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery .
terminal 1 and 4 connected
Switch Z can be closed instead
the conditions are a battery and a closed path
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side .
Because there is a gap .
Each bulb affects the other bulbs
because switch x can be closed and y can be open and A will light
Terminal 4 has a gap .
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path with the battery .
that there is no difference between the electrical states of the bulb terminal and the battery terminal
because it damages the complete circuit
a short circuit has occured
Tells you that there is a gap
the bulb is not contained in the path
because bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
Stops the path from being closed .
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
Maybe because there is still one path that connects A and C through B
Because the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 were connected .
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6 .
the bulb is not connected to the positive connection of the battery .
The open switch was in the path .
The battery is in a circuit with a bulb .
Because bulb c created a gap so then it had both a positive and negative charge .
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4 .
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path as the other bulb
It was in the same path as switch X .
bulbs A and C are in different paths that do not contain bulb B
Bulb A , bulb B , and bulb C each have their own closed path with the battery .
if the path is open or closed
the battery is not contained in a closed path
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A .
the switch has to be located within a closed path for the bulb to go on
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal .
The positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4
Bulb A is in two different paths with the battery
Because terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4 .
Because there is a gap .
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4
It is not a closed path .
that there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery .
because it has a positive terminal
The battery terminal is connected to terminal 6 .
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal
if the switch is contained in the path with the bulb , the switch affects the bulb .
Both terminals of the battery is not connected .
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit .
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery
Bulb c is on a seperate pathway from A and b which are still connected to the battery .
that there is no electrical connection
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage
the two components are seperated .
Bulb A is conected to the battery .
because positive charge is before gap
switch y is on a different path than bulb a .
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A .
bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path and bulb a is in a separate closed path
there is a complete circuit , with a battery and a bulb
the bulb is contained in a cloed path with the battery
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal .
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit
terminals 1 and 2 are seperated by a gap
there is a gap at terminal 1
Terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal .
battery is contained on a closed path
bulb A creates a gap in the closed circuit
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2 .
Because it has one regardless of the circuit
because of the gap in bulb B
there is still a closed path that contains the battery , bulb a , and bulb b
There is a gap in the path .
the electrical states between the terminals is the same , resulting in 0
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1 .
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal with no gaps
because it would cause a gap
the battery is not contained in a circut
closed paths from the battery
Switch Y did not effect bulb A
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery .
The component is not enclosed within the path and the battery is
there is a separation between the bulbs and the negative battery terminal
Battery is not contained i a closed path .
the battery is not contained in a closed path .
When bulb B is damaged there is a disruption in the current .
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery .
The terminal is still connected to an electrical state of the battery
bulbs a , b , and c are not contained in the same closed path .
There is another component besides the battery in the circut .
switch Y does not effect bulb A
bulb b and c are in a closed path
battery is contained in bulb
the bulbs are contained in a closed path
battery is contained in path
the terminal has an electrical state between terminals
because there was a gap in the pathway .
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery
because each bulb has its own path
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap
The battery is in a closed bath .
" becuase bulb C is on it " " s own pathway . "
a connection to the battery
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path , and the path must be closed
there is a gap between terminal one and two
If the path is not closed then a bulb will not be on
Terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal .
there is not a gap in the connection
bulb C is not in the same closed path as the battery
because there is a gap
not contained insa me path
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed .
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery
circuit 5 only has 1 terminal
there is a gap in the circuit
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit
There is a gap between the postive terminal and terminal 1
When a bulb is damaged it creates a gap in the circuit
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4
the other bulb will not light .
The positive battery is separated by a gap from terminal 3 .
a closed circuit between a battery and bulb
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery
there is not gap between the terminals
because there is a positive and negative connections
because it had no gap between the terminals
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in closed paths with the battery
bulb b is a gap
the battery is not closed the bulb is .
becuase it is in a closed circuit with itself and the bulb is not i the closed circuit
The path has to be closed in order for the bulb to be on .
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal .
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected
removing bulb a will affect bulb c
there is a difference in electrical states
because it is still in a closed circuit
there would be a gap in the circuit
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage
The switch is contained in the path
bulb is contained in closed path
a terminal has an electrical state where theres a chemical reaction
makes a short circuit
terminal 6 is connected to the difference
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb .
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
it is not in the same path .
damaged bulb creates a gap .
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb
If Z is closed , A is still part of a complete circut .
it is not in a closed path
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals
there is no path through the connection of bulb b .
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6
" If the terminals at both ends of the bulb are the same , then it " " s damaged . "
circuit 5 is in a closed path .
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is .
if bulb a burns out if affects bulbs b and c .
the bulb is not contained within the path
there is no relationship between path bulb a and c
when the switch is opened
" the battery terminals don " " t connect without any devices "
terminal is connected to postive end of battery
A battery will always have a voltage because the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals are always different .
bulb b and bulb c are contain in the same closed path .
because it opens the circuit , therefore the circuit is not closed
because the battery is in a closed path .
The battery is connected to only one side of the bulb and is only running electricity back to the battery .
Because neither components are in closed paths .
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C
If there is an open switch in the path , the bulb will not be on .
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts .
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A
there is no path through bulb b .
close the path and match the terminals
still have connection to battery
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
it was a closed path
Because bulb a was contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a difference between terminal 2
bulb c creates a gap
terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
" There are closed paths that don " " t include bulb A "
because there is a closed circuit after bulb b
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway
circuit 4 is contained in an open path
That the circuit is bad .
the path was closed and connected to the battery
" the terminal " " s electrical state is not effected by the incomplete circuit . "
positive battery seperated by gap from terminal 1
because the path has to be open
A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery .
because there was a gap in the terminals
The positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from termnial one .
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery
There is a gap after bulb b
both are on the same side of the circuit
the terminal are seperated by a gap when the bulb goes out
the voltage of a battery does not depend on the components in a curcuit .
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6
The battery is contained in a closed path .
the battery has its own chemical reaction
Because terminal 1 had no gap .
bulb a and c are on a different path with the battery
It stops the flow of electricity .
because it blocks the charge of the circuit .
it is a open circuit
it was in a closed path
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated .
the positve battery terminal is separated by a gap at terminal 1
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal .
The battery is in a closed path , not connected to the light bulb .
switch z is contained on a closed path
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals .
you can locate the gap in a connection
the battery in circuit 5 is contained in a closed path .
It makes the circuit incomplete .
Because there is no gap at terminal 1
because voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals .
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path .
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path , the switch will affect the bulb .
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery
the batter is in a closed path without any other components .
switch z is contained in a closed path
yes bulb A was on
switch z contains a closed path with the battery
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery .
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .
if the path is open the bulb will be off
It will locate the gap .
Bulb terminals 3 and 4
the terminals are not connected to each other
beacuse it was in a closed path with the battery
a gap causes a chemical reaction
switch y is not in the same path as bulb a .
Bulb A is contain in a closed path
" there isn " " t a closed path of the battery "
switch z is contained in a closed path with bulb a and the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path , and bulb c is in a closed path .
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery .
switch y is not on the same path to battery
A and B are off
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A
because bulb a can go through the other path
allows you to identify any gaps
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery .
An open switch stops the energy flow
when it creates a gap in a certain path
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery .
bulbs a and c affect each other .
there is a closed path to the battery
because there is a gap in the connection between terminal 1 and terminal 6
it checks the electrical state between two terminals .
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete .
Because it was connected to the positive side .
the battery is not in a closed circuit
A is in the same path as C
Find where there are different electrical states
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there was a closed path not effected by the switch
Bulbs a and b will still be contained in a closed path with the battery
there is a gap in the path
the switch being open or closed determines if the path is closed or not
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are on the same side of the damaged bulb
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal
Because it opens the connection
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery .
" because it isn " " t contained in a closed path . "
because the damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path
there is a gap in terminal 1
a terminal is cnnected to the positive terminal
because of the gap in bulb b
connected to the negative terminal
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6
because of the gap in bulb b .
when the switch is closed
Because bulbs A and C were in a separate closed path
bulb a , bulb b , and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths .
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed .
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path .
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit
terminal is connected to terminal 6
the battery is not contained in a closed path
It must be connected to the battery .
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path .
measuring voltage between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal determines the gap in the connection .
Burned out bulb B will cause a gap in the closed path .
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal
The other terminals are only connected to the positive battery terminal .
switch x is contained in the same path as bulb a .
The bulb and the battery are connected
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals .
becuase bulb C will be taken off the closed path when switch opens
Because it broke the circuit
terminal is connected to the negative battery
Bulb A and bulb C are in the same path .
because x and z could be closed and bulb a will work .
there is a path way connecting to a bulb and battery
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal
a terminal is connected to differenet states
it creates a gap in the circuit
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path
it was contained within a closed path
There is still a voltage is the different terminals
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals .
Terminal 1 was connected to a positive terminal 6 .
you can find which bulb is burned out
there is not difference in eletcrical states
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a closed path , with switch z , that contains bulb a and the battery
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path .
Bulb a was in a complete circuit
there was no closed path with the battery
for the same reason as 1
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6
if bulb B is damaged , the path will have a gap
there is a gap between the negative battery terminal and terminal 4 .
the only component in the closed path is the battery .
bulbs a and c are contained in closed paths
circuit 4 does not have a closed path
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0
a is in the same path
Because terminal 1 and 6 are connceted to the battery .
" Because the electricity can " " t pass through "
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery .
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
the battery was contained in a circut
because that created a closed circuit
a battery and a closed path
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path
it will turn it off
Because the bulb is not longer in a closed circuit
the battery is not connected in the closesd path
and the circut is closed
if a path is connected to an oen switch , the bulb will be off .
It must be in a closed circuit .
Bulbs B and A are still contained on a closed path with the battery
bulbs A , B , and C are all on the same path
there is no closed path that contains the battery , bulb b , and bulb c
all the bulbs are on parralel paths
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal
if switch x is open
The terminals are connected to the opposite side of the battery
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap
the bulb is not conatined in a closed path
because there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 .
bulb a is in the same path of switch x .
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap
1 2 and 3 are connected t neative
Because there was closed paths from the battery to the bulb
there is a gap in the circuit
Bulb A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery .
terminal one is connected to the negative
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal
because bulb c doesnt effect the other closed paths
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1 .
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery
The path must be closed and contain the battery
circuit 2 is connected to the battery
Seperate paths connected to the battery
The path does not close
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts .
bulb b and bulb c were in a closed circuit with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery .
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .
" because by measuring voltage , you find the gap where there " " s a difference in electrical states . "
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4
The gap causes a difference in electrical states .
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c .
the switch is contained in a closed path
the bulb is not contained in a closed path .
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c
the path only determines if a bulb is off when the switch is open
because you can find the difference in the voltage by measuring the gap
When it creates a gap .
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states between two terminals
If the path is directly connected to the battery , then the switch affects a bulb .
because switch z can be closed
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference
There are other closed path without bulb B
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected .
bulb c was not contained in a closed path with the battery
bulbs must be in a closed path with the battery in order to work
bulb a and switch x are in the same closed path
b and c are in a closed path with the battery
there was no gap in the circut
because if bulb b is damaged , then there is no path through the bulb , creating an incomplete circuit
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery
The terminal is connected to a positive circuit .
The positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path .
" Well , it will have a voltage of zero , if that " " s what you are asking . "
it only has 1 connection .
Bulbs are contained in an open path .
The battery is in the closed path
The electrical state difference tells you where the gap is .
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6
the bulb could be lit by having switch X and switch Z closed .
because the terminals are not connected
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal
because terminal 1 is not seperated by any gaps
terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state .
Bulb C will create a gap in the path
There will be a gap in the circuit .
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths
" If the switch causes a gap in a closed path , the bulb won " " t turn on "
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a
There is another path through Switch Z
contained within the same closed path
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know .
Bulbs A and B are contained in closed paths with the battery
An open switch impacts a circuit because it causes the path to be closed , therefore the connection cannot be made .
If buld B is damaged that will create a gap .
bulb b and bulb c are contained in the same path with the battery
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb .
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times .
The positive terminal is not seperated by a gap .
1 2 and 3 are on thnegative side
because there was no separation in the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 .
It has its own closed path
different paths with the battery
C is not within the same path as B
the is an open path
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal .
Bulbs A , B and C are on different paths
if bulb c burns out a and b will both create circuts with the battery
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery
battery is in a holder
Its connected to the positive terminal
the voltage of a battery is the result of chemical reactions within the battery
Electrical states between connected terminals will differ than those that are separated by a gap .
because it creates a gap , so the circuit becomes incomplete
Bulb B is in a independent path
becuase it can follow that path that switch Z is on
the closed path contains bulb A , bulb B , bulb C , and a battery .
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6 .
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 .
Because a bulb creates electricity .
there will be a gap at bulb b , thus affecting the rest of the circuit
there is always voltage even if there is a gap
The A bulb is dead .
Bulb C was in an incomplete path
Because switch y does not affect the circuit that bulb a is on
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2
because bulb a is connected to switch x and the battery is in a closed path
A terminal is connected to a bulb .
Because bulb A is connected to another path .
" the electrical state difference between the battery " " s two terminals "
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit .
has to do something with a gap
because of the chemical in the battery
bulb A is not in the same pathway as bulbs B and C .
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged
because the battery has its own electrical state within given by the lead
again , bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path
A gap chause different electrical states with different voltages
because it was contained in a closed bath with the battery .
the path has a gap , so the circuit is incomplete
complete path including a battery and a bulb
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery .
the path has to be closed
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery
the terminal is connected to the negative terminal of the battery
Because it is not on the same path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path .
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .
bulb a has its own closed path with the battery , bulbs b and c do not
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected .
because there is no gap between the terminals
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals .
Because the current can not reach the bulb if the circuit is open .
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb .
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal .
incorrect , or not a correct way to wire
There are 2 paths in this diagram
circuit has nothing to do with the batteries voltage
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery .
it created a circut with the battery
There has to be a closed circuit battery .
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path
Because the bulb does not have a closed path .
becuase breaking one bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up .
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4
the battery will always have a voltage .
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path
because terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal which has a 1.5 volt difference with the positive terminal
A and B are on a closed path with the battery
the battery connects to the bulb
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery .
the terminals are seperated from the positive terminal
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B
the terminals are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
bulb a affects bulb c
bulb a was in a closed path with the battery .
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal
by measuring you can find the gap which will show you which bulb is burned out
a damaged bulb causes a gap at the blub
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal .
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path , the switch affects the bulb .
the bulb is contained in the bath
bulb c is in its own pathway
Bulb B , and C are still ina contained path .
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery .
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal .
The positive terminal has 1.5 V
because switch x is open .
you can see where the gap is
the bulb is in a closed circuit
not seperated by a gap
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal .
1 is connected to terminal 2 .
bulbs a , b , and c are all in the same path .
the terminals are connected to each other
If the path contains the switch , the bulb is affected .
If B burns out there will still be closed paths for the other 2
because voltage measures the difference between two points
Because there is a gap .
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together .
there is a closed path
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts
The bulb takes away the path .
when it is in the same path as the battery
there is no gap between the posittive terminal and terminal 1
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 4
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in a closed path with the battery
It determines whether or not the light bulbs will turn on .
Bulb C was in an open path ,
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A
There is no difference between the two terminals .
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path .
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are .
It is being attatched to the wrong side .
because 1.5 v is the difference between the positive terminal and terminal 1
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit .
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb .
bulbs b and are not in a closed path with bulb a
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery .
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b
If any bulb is out , it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery .
because the terminals are in the same state
Because it was contained in the battery that has a closed path
because bulbs a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery .
4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive side
If bulb B is damaged a gap is created .
It is an open path .
because the the circuit is complete .
for the same reason as 3
because it was connected to the positive terminal .
because bulbs a and b have their own closed paths
the path will have a gap
Because their is a gap between A and C now .
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same
the red x means that the circuit is not safe .
the battery connects with bulb a and b
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because it is not a closed circuit .
When switch is open it creates a gap in the path .
There is still a closed path that contains the battery , Bulb B , and Bulb C .
damaged bulb b creates a gap
because it can travel by bulb c
there is still a closed path to the battery for bulbs b and c
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal
It breaks the closed path .
if it is on a series with other bulbs
bulbs are on the same closed path
B and C will no longer be contained in a closed path to the battery .
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a
" Because it didn " " t cause a gap . "
the terminal is connected to the battery
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 .
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery .
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal .
because there is no closed path
The open switch makes the circuit incomplete .
because it creates a gap in the circuit .
Because bulbs A and C are on different closed paths with the battery
A is on a cloosed battery
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit .
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal .
Because it decides whether the bulb will be lit or not
If a switch is open , the circut is no longer closed .
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery .
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c
the battery is connected to a bulb
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected
Because there was no difference
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different path with the battery
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 2 .
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open
positive is seperated from negative !
Because it is not in the same path .
there is no electrical states
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery
because it opens the circuit
Because it was still in a closed circuit
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal of the battery
terminal 1 is conected to terminal 6
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal
The path may not connect a bulb to the switch .
you can determine is broken bulb is before a gap or after
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal .
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal .
if the switch is contained in a closed path .
because there is a gap between terminal 3 and 4
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C .
the path passes the energy through the switch
It was contained in a closed path
The open switch makes the path open
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6 .
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals , an open switch disrupts that .
there was a gap in bulb B
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5
the batter is contained in switch y
the difference electrical state will show the burnt bulb
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal .
The battery is not in a closed path .
depends on whether it is before or after the bulb
there is a gap in the circuit
the negative battery terminal is connected to terminal 4
There will be a gap in the path
Because the terminals are not in a closed path , so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself
Because it is measuring the difference in electrical states between two terminals .
because of the gap at bulb b
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit
Because a closed circuit was formed .
if the path is closed , the bulbs will remain on .
Because the voltage is the same .
seperate paths connected to the battery
bulb B becomes a gap in the circuit
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path .
terminal 5 is connected ot the positive battert terminal
because bulb A was still contained in a closed path
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other
The battery is in a short circuit .
You can find where there is a gap
Becuase there are still 2 closed paths for the battery to send volts through .
Because these terminals all had a reading of 0.0 volts
there is a gap in the connection
it is in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and B are contained in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery .
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path
circuit 5 only has one terminal to the battery
" because the battery always has a voltage unless it " " s dead "
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway
Because it has two electrial states within itself .
Bulbs b and c were in a closed path with a battery .
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery
I guess because it is in the center .
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction .
a switch will effect a bulb if it in the closed path to the battery
there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal .
Circuit 2 is not a closed circuit because the battery and the bulb are connected .
terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal
the positive battery terminal is not connected
because bulb c was contained in an open path with the battery
a large one , if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not
Bulb A is on a closed circut path
The bulb is only connected to that side of the battery terminal .
If the bulb is on the same closed path
One side is closed the other side is open .
there is no closed path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery
positive and negative is seperate
It is a closed path .
It makes the circuit incomplete .
bulb a and b will be on .
there is a gap , so the terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery .
the bulb in burned out
Terminal 4 is only connected to the positive battery terminal .
the battery and a created a complete circut
The path determines if the bulb will turn on or not
it was connected to both terminals of the battery
there is a path from bulb to battery
Through bulb A , bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery .
the battery is contained in a closed path
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path
bulb c does not affect the path of a and b .
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery .
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 6 .
gap between 3 and positive battery
there is no closed path in circuit 4 .
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery
because bulb A was still on a closed circuit
there is a gap at bulb b
it is on a closed path
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH
There is a chemical reaction .
bulb B and C will no be in a closed path with the battery
still connected to the battery
bulb a and c are contained in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch .
bulbs b and c are contained in the same path
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery .
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A
not contained inthe same path
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C
Because the two terminals are connected
there was a gap in the terminal
bulb a creates a gap
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6
There is a light bulb in the circuit
it was still on a closed path
There is a gap in the circuit .
There is no path through bulb B
Bulb C is in an indepedent path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 .
If the switch is in front of the path of a light bulb or not .
The bulb must be in a closed pathway containing the battery
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal .
a gap causes a lost connection
The bulb is dead pr not connected to the battery terminal
The electrical state is interferred with .
because bulb c was in an open path
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery
bulb a will light when it is in a closed path with the battery .
a switch is contained in the path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3
because bulbs a and c have their own closed paths
the bulb creates a gap in the closed path
open switch and broken bulb are the same
a terminal is connected to another terminal
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery .
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb .
because each bulb has its own complete path
the battery is not conatined in a closed path
there is still a closed path that contains the battery , bulb b , and bulb c
the battery contains bulb a and b on a closed path
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4 .
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1
bulb c creates a gap in the closed path .
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel
that the battery connection does not work
Short circuit or bad battery .
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up .
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states
there is no gap between terminal 1 and the positive terminal .
The path must be closed
it was connected to the positive terminal
It has its own path connected to the battery
if it is in the same path as the bulb
circuit do not effect electrical state between terminals
The battery is connected to the bulb
there was a gap from terminal
the battery is in a closed path .
Bulb A has a closed pathway
it depends on whether its an open or closed path
because the bulb is in a closed path
There is a difference in electrical states between two terminals .
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal .
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb .
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals
because the gap provides separation to the terminals
Because their was a connected circuit .
The are both connected the negative battery terminal .
there is a difference in electrical states
bulbs b and c are contained in the same closed path .
There is still a closed path
the two terminals will both be 0
those terminals are connected to the negative side of the circut
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it
because it was in a closed circuit
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on .
the circuit needs to be closed
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components .
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are separated by a gap
not in the same path
the terminals are not connected
The bulb and battery must be contained in closed paths .
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery .
because there was a positive and negative connection
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3
No electricity is being produced .
what i said was that he was working for someone else when his father died .
but that 's ok with me .
hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys .
so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his " friends " don 't control is not hurting job growth ?
the denver post reports that swat team members encountered berlin in a stair well of an apartment building after the theft .
insignificant to you maybe .
sorry , agw has been proven .
and this unemployment bill ?
911skeptics.blogspot.com ,
for the last 66 days the entire american skimming effort has resulted in 600,000 gallons of oil skimmed .
yeah , we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs .
don 't cook for him - he 's a grown up .
it was unclear why mauffray decided to send bell to jail on the prior charges .
god , what does she know ?
newt gingrich ’ s second wife dishes hard to esquire : his money woes , his philandering , his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich ’ s second wife dishes hard to esquire : his money woes , his philandering , his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich - marital affairs his campaign staff has stated that newt carried out multiple affairs during this time .
this " plot " smells a rat .
it has just start building up again , and is planning to go to the provinces .
i don 't know who you refer to , walter .
yeah , we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs .
but what i said to myself was " do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better ? "
you 're so wired , you pick up am radio and people test their batteries in your ears .
also , she is getting quite demanding .
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others hotwater society trains our soldiers to kill in time of war and yet expects them to respect life in time of peace .
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the " reactionary " forces they opposed " and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam .
you lie through your teeth and still get votes .
do you know who benefits from profits ?
2 ) when i said this-- " i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism .
that doesn 't make any sense .
i do think the safety net for the poor is currently fairly effective .
the last time tax receipts as a percentage of gdp were below 17 % was in 1959 when they dropped to 16.2 % .
ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04 , 2012 around 06 : 06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black .
that 's why i can no longer support them .
i said no you have to prove you can stop first .
claim : powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons .
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities .
what point are you trying to relay ?
stick the cretins in with the people who have a high capacity for learning !
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions .
yeah , we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs .
that 's why i can no longer support them .
for the pro-life camp , they don 't get off so easy from me , either .
ok , thanks for the explanation .
that is why it sucks .
for your advice guys ! !
both daughtes had to go to cafcass for inteviews .
but 11 rig workers have already died .
would 't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo , on my belly and scared .
here 's a link to an interview he gave about the spill .
i just don 't get this .
" [ o ] ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya , his view of the brits , for example , very different than the average american , " huckabee told host steve malzberg , the washington post reported .
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since ... well ,
guess what , there is no concise belief system of ows .
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon / teabagger rhetoric ... and
that 's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore .
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite .
persecution has always existed , so you would have to implement something utterly new and radical to change human society for the first time .
you 're not talking about current events .
you left out oil companies , braniac .
this " plot " smells a rat .
quebec terrorism has happened in the past , remember the flq ?
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .
eventually we 'll all be good with " a full time job with the feds . "
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbes if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison .
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus , they 're lying .
needs thinking about .
presi * dent obama would double it .
the gop is fighting for freedom of choice .
cost-push inflation - when companies ' costs go up , they need to increase prices to maintain their profit margins .
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice .
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy .
and i think you have a huge stake in believing that none of your actions have caused her any harm .
japan surrendered unconditionally .
many times i can see the faces of the people i helped .
the malaise and entitlement of generational poverty has to be overcome first .
" why didn 't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration ? "
what is limbaugh 's or beck 's " intent " when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration , or the president himself , and create an entire show about it ?
when madeline albright was appointed the first woman secretary of state , the media was euphoric .
i 'm serious about this .
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .
this usually occurs in growing economies .
i 'm not talking about this year , maggie .
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion .
well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools .
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary , britain 's most senior civil servant , to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government .
and you have a problem with this ?
you want me to involve my lawyers if you don 't pay me my bonus ?
for the last 66 days the entire american skimming effort has resulted in 600,000 gallons of oil skimmed .
- video shows usda official saying she didn 't give ' full force ' of help to white farmer date says 7 / 20 .
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article .
does anyone know anyplace else ?
that is why it sucks .
they should be in washington because that 's where all the real problems are .
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick .
the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned .
* reverse " citizen 's united " and put elections back in the hands of the people .
only six percent of posters will read that entire article .
presi * dent obama would double it .
you soak your dentures in coffee overnight .
the obama administration ?
the pie is getting larger , but your piece of it is shrinking too fast .
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps .
by the way , the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn 't off one single plan .
why do you hate america so much ?
the politics of congress ) .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated .
the problem is , that i don 't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out .
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo .
the result is that there is no practical incentive for 75 percent of the senators to work across party lines .
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place .
big government needs to be booted out of these personal social issues .
i 'm not just talking about accumulated wealth .
dyslexia , thanks for your honest appraisal .
you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .
they " have " fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events .
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason .
it 's because the right , that party of " morals " , don 't have " low " standards .
i 'm right there with you .
no one forced you to go to the peace rally .
so you agree that if only 10 % of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777 ?
this is not uncommon .
then , they hear the prosecution case - vote again - less harsh sentence .
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal , unproven benefit , i know the liar is a leftist .
you will cease playing american football .
most of the crap is made off .
however , i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected .
if they have a problem with performing or providing certain services that are part of that business model , then maybe they shouldnt be in that business to begin with .
thank you for pointing me foster .
i 'm not wrong , " the outspoken comedian went on a vulgarity-laden two-minute rant against republicans and the troops .
so , he is a ' self made man ' , if you want to quibble over that , fine .
he might be killed and that would be even harder on israeli pr .
after the first bomb was dropped they made an offer with 4 demands .
this year 's assessment is $ 147k , just 13 years later .
i agree with there goes trouble .
just because she had a small problem related to drinking and driving is no reason to throw the book at her .
recession is when a neighbor loses his job .
always knew newt could tear it up in a debate .
you don 't tan , you roast .
also , sas uses a very soft , lined leather for the uppers .
wtf are you babbling about ?
even police have to take time off work , not zimmerman , he 's suddenly the victim .
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w / o the education or effort it takes to get it .
it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon .
besides , what i do is worse .
when are the pigs going to realize that the shit they are handing out will be shoved straight back in their faces ?
president obama would continue that trend .
it 's a very good idea to have a former ecb man in the job .
did i say i excused it ?
people still care about what happened , i do .
i know that bothers you socialists / progressives , but that 's the way it is .
perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory .
ok , thanks for the explanation .
i might not like the answer , but i know i do have to find out .
did anybody else find this disturbing ?
this is not rocket science .
would 't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .
sadly , by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states .
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon / teabagger rhetoric ... and
so , i got an e-mail back from jack layton ( leader of the ndp ) today .
where were the " tea partiers " in late ' 08 ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ?
ah well , at least it proves that we don 't agree with corporal punishment .
the anti-semites and nazis , we 're already familiar with .
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone .
romney : well , he didn  t have as much as i think some people anticipated .
the bomber detonated his explosives , killing naeemi and two others , police said .
he now wants to go to court for a contact order .
answer - you didn 't read the nyt or wapo or the internet ?
do you even pay attention to current events ?
i still hurt the poor guy .
there is no voice of the people .
they just regulate the pasteurization process .
maybe they don 't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings ?
six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners .
rslw : because they are horrible , fascist skin head brutes .
in this instance , i chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation .
i was really surprised by this .
i don 't like seeing people suffer and something needs to change but how can we go about forcing it ?
where were the " tea partiers " in late ' 08 ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ?
in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already .
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that .
my dad voted bnp cause immigrants keep taking his jobs ...
you need to talk to your gp again .
7 comments weigh in corrections ?
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .
if that ’ s the case , apparently regulators disagreed .
i mean , being a history student ..
" watching the first fight i saw that manny pacquiao was getting tired , and i wasn 't .
in syria , 90 % of the people are levantine arabs ; the rest are kurds , armenians , turkmens , etc. since the kurds are concentrated in the northeastern sliver of the country , if the state falls i could see them making a bid for independence , or autonomy , or union with iraqi kurdistan .
like 99.99 % of your idiotic questions , it doesn 't deserve an answer for its fatally flawed premise .
what are you trying to say ?
" if everyone was the same it would be boring " why exactly would it be boring ?
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men , right ?
is a bank going to help you when you don 't even have a job anymore ?
where were the " tea partiers " in late ' 08 ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ?
i notice it just as much on these forums as i do anywhere else on the internet .
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn 't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people .
you grind your coffee beans in your mouth .
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .
augh , why do people have no respect for anyone anymore .
the teacher was a bit surprised .
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable .. to
my understanding of a " bubble " is a sector that is artificially propped up .. despite
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima .
i can 't carry on as i am , so i do need to know what his long term intentions are .
about james o  keefe and acorn ?
it worked in the snyder case .
and even tho sunni man and i often disagree , i like him personally .
if your problem is with the banks , then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them .
the trotskyist 's obsession with evil big business exploiting the poor worker is way off the mark !
just remember he loves you .
i 'm talking exxon , shell , bp ...
omnicarus fucked around with this message at jan 04 , 2012 around 05 : 58 the bigger question is , why do people continue to do business via paypal ?
you can feel two contradictory things at once unfortunately .
i rang him at 5.30am to see where he was , no reply .
have you noticed how there are bugger all books about the conservative party ?
good luck social security has nothing to do with marriage .
chad dunn , the lawyer for the texas democratic party , said now the county must get preclearance from the justice department before using the machines .
it 's like being against hammers .
summer of 1967 becomes the national director of operation breadbasket .
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that .
i mean 40 % of the world is living under $ 2 a day .
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .
and in the end , bush 's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending ...
just can 't stop feeling this way .
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war , with out them we would have been forced to invade them .
his partner said , " i can 't shoot up there .
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn 't a cure-all for a damaged economy .
interestingly , both sides rejected an offer to order the remaining " sleeping " protesters out of building .
we never considered any of those bulk mail ones we get in the mail---they all seem to shady to me and often have incorrect info in them .
driving on an icy road and wrecking isn 't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people .
other parts of the study 's methodology is flawed .
time to get the government out of the bedroom .
that ’ s normally the case .
my understanding of a " bubble " is a sector that is artificially propped up .. despite
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied .
• gordon brown has said that it is his " duty " to try to form a stable government .
they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term .
has there even been any criminal investigation ?
and that really hurts and i 've had enough .
wtf are you babbling about ?
'poof ' disappears : just because they don 't show it to you .
i know that bothers you socialists / progressives , but that 's the way it is .
is the director still there when you pick up your dd ?
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .
i 'm not going back to work until after she leaves so we can actually do things .
how 'd ya like that rant ?
they will be tarred , feathered and run out of town on a rail .
dumbshit- who is threatening whom here ?
i have had several pothole incidents with my 19 " shod bmw .
i think it 's a case of giving my dad the account number so he can start transferring money to it , then telling the credit card companies the account details so they can take it out - i really don 't know how it works .
and your level of expertise in this field is ?
great move having government take over loans and reduce the payment .
in the end bernard fall may have been right .
and i was invited to step on the board and work with the points of light foundation .
insurance with one that offers it or take insurance with one thayt doesnt .
how well are the chinese managing their economy ?
you 're prabably expecting an emotional plea .
was the motivating factor jealousy , or perhaps anger at the woman who replaced his mother , or was there abuse of the boy on the part of the father or girlfriend ?
we should abolish medicare and the va .
dh leaves tonight for work travel .
because then he would come to the conclusion that you would be the only one able to do that for him and possibly not accept anyone else to help .
does anyone know if this is possible ? ?
he seemed ok when talking about islam ... but
none of it would exist if it wasn 't used to reduce weight on our spacecraft .
i checked with my doctor first , because i didn 't want to compound the injury .
which is why something like 80 % of anti-choice activists are men .
i have something to say to these heteros .
it is a democracy with regular changes in government many of them due to coup .
people are just standing in lines waitin ' to become teachers .
i 'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available .
i find him entertaining as all hell ( in two minute bursts ) .
" global warming doesn 't mean every year will be warmer than the last .
sorry , you just don 't .
my brother went balisitic at the person he thought told me she was visting as ' it was none of my business ' .
although i can remmeber walking through a neighbors house and it was filled with exotic birds .
for these women , the pill serves no preventative medical purpose whatsoever .
kid gloves for a guy who just shot someone else to death .
sorry for such a long waffly post - any ideas would be much appreciated !
when they found the bomb , they first thing to do was to track it back to who sent it .
they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash .
what a tremendous leader he is in this time of great fear .
am wondering weather to sleep in the spare bedroom tonight !
( the reference includes a photo of the event . )
i remember in the fifties conservatives did not want flouride added to the water because flouride turned people into communists .
here 's an novel idea : if you don 't like the idea of being shot at , don 't become a cop .
i believe this to be a case of apples and oranges .
he could not work for 10 years due to how bad his body suffered .
ask yourself what you look for in a friend too .
you are not aware of the legal obligations of a lease and who would be responsible for the adherence to local ordanances ?
are they not a media company interesting in keeping the populate updated on the latest and greatest and hottest news ?
i 've never been happy with that , and a name brand physical therapist confirmed my impression .
their news coverage has covered it ...
it 's people who make the precision parts the robots are made from .
i had tried that , and it just says restore , close , minimize .
if you ask a lib i 'm sure they will be happy to lamblast coulter ..
i 've read so many 9 / 11 conspiracy theorist threads i 'm practically an expert .
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them .
when i first crate trained her , i slept / stayed within sight of her until she got comfortable with me being away .
governments exist for a reason .
in fact , it has not even been elevated to the level of a theory .
i saved more than 50 % of my disposable income for law school .
that is what we 're up against and must compete on a global scale .
for instance if we made cars without robots it would take 10x the manpower to produce what we now produce .
and in the center of all this , leader of the seperatist group bloc quebecois , gilles duceppe .
officials at the senate press office said that in the vast majority of cases the full chamber follows the recommendations of the commission of laws .
that only leads to hate and violence .
for the last 2-3 months he has been spending time with a " lady friend " .
to them it was good enough .
am i obliged to inform them regardless ?
just another bit of that graph thats false .
then i would probably calm down and listen .
oil is washing up north of miamui beach on the east side of florida .
i don 't think most british people are too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectations of work .
being gay does not equal reproductive dysfunction .
and yet cops and firefighters , as emplyees of government , are under attack because of their pay and benefits .
but , the nations we are fighting in now are islamic and that is a whole other scenario entirely .
i 'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds .
it 's not your fellow citizens ' responsibility to do that .
consistency is not exactly revere 's hallmark here .
another is that when the government orders a military member through permanent change of station orders ( pcs ) to relocate from one place to another the military sponsors the spouse to travel and relocate to the new base with their spouse .
so medical wise there is nothing that would make the dr think that there will be problems .
they hate the people that is going to be their future i go when there is a job for me .
the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly .
it is two strange counter-productive activites .
then , that the warming was natural and that greenhouse gases weren 't causing the change , and also that " warmth is better . " *
i just needed the courage to ask for his help as he is very ' old sch ' .
i wonder how this will pan out .
he is unique in that he wasn 't elected to office .
the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow ( wed ) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage .
actually , it 's people who build the robots since not enough are being made tocreate an assembly line .
why do you hate america so much ?
neocons have been mistaking the elephant 's shit for the elephant .
obviously all parents are going to be incredibly concerned .
i think cutting the nonessentials would be fine ... but
you have to watch videos in fast-forward .
because most of them are like john gotti - only in the sense they should have the moniker teflon in front of their names - because nothing is ever their fault and nothing ever sticks .
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse .
that 's how i would feel supported .
you have made a claim , that japan offered to surrender in 1945 numerous times before either bomb was dropped .
but i can also see the faces of the people i horrified ..
you 're better off without him in your life , and you 'll have a life .
it 's not because he is stupid , it 's because there is so much faith and so little critical thinking in his rantings .
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration 's fiscal year .
in one instance your side states that businesses are not hiring .
do adults have their pay halved for 1 mistake at work and then get no pay at all if they make 2 mistakes ?
no one really concerned about it , until now .
they can negotiate their own contract without having to carry the fat , lazy , uneducated , low skilled and dependent union worker .
what are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this .
vor : how many foreign people have the bnp murdered in the name of the bnp ?
why am i being like this ! ! !
the dont identify me as a real preson , ..
generally , i don 't rely on google as a solid sole source for ' research ' .
or keep risking the enviornment ?
those events may have expedited smiling buddha , but the test was going to take place anyways , sooner or later .
now its 95 % certainty .
all that takes " education " .
i recommend a good polysci / history course .
we always went to the back seat .
i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance , before i do something silly .
i just tried to breath deeply through all of my fears to help .
some of the most expensive violins in the world have disputed labels , but they are works of art nonetheless .
rslw : look , you are trying to put words into my mouth , you are obviously a racist who ...
but then it became all about the entitlement attitude .
presidential philandering is not new .
debt slavery here 's what class warfare looks like !
now to address your question on what we plan to do is simple ; we as individuals cannot do much .
he was arrested after agreeing to meet with her jan . 12 .
you right wingers are something else .
i have lost many gay friends in the 80 's and 90 's .
no need to tell them at all .
i know exactly how you feel .
but to my knowledge they haven 't used it , at least since i have lived here .
waiting for an attack sounds like israel 's mo .
it would be posted on the internet for a few days , and into the past it will go .
hear a different perspective each time .
it really is everything .
boy you dummies are dumb ..
by the time he 'd seen them , he agreed with me that they were across the line .
the team has since changed their name .
does anyone even take this garbage seriously these days ?
the idlest of the idle rich invest money and help other hard working people get ahead .
obviously wichita police are not smart enough to catch him .
they 're faced with facts .
again , we appreciate your desire for a sovereign canada .
just sounds like you 're blaming everyone else for your own mistakes .
this thing has gone just exactly as the democrats hoped .
i also had to buy a new tv for the house as our old one we had for 17 years and broke .
i think he 's probably dead , but i do also think that there is a possibility that the americans have captured him and are keeping it quiet .
i think i have a thing for blonde women ... anyhow ,
- obama has made good on most of his campaign promises ( as reported by politifact ) .
for all the hype it has really led nowhere in particular , so " m-theory " has evolved from it .
as for the forensics , do you think the world works like csi ?
and i like his plan for his first executive order as president to be abolishing all " czars " in the federal government .
to me its fine , if the suspect has to make a choice , ie leave his home and go to a location , then i don 't really care if he is encouraged .
millions of deads always followed the empires ...
warning - some info might be tmi .
your life 's goal is to amount to a hill of beans .
so much for decision day .
i 'm not suggesting any conspiracy .
and when that happens , it hurts the feelings of our troops .
yeah but you cannot just throw around nuclear bombs without huge geopolitical consequences .
warming 's missing heat " .
and when poor shirley was forced to resign , fox comes out with a report , just tonight , that obama threw an " innocent " woman under the bus .
buy some exxon stock and you will soon learn to love profitting .
billions will starve and die .
your being very disengenuous with your post , sonny .
it 's a great argument .
but the american police have basically created this whole scenario and lead him into it , feeding him along ?
if this was any weaker , it would look like swiss cheese with all the holes in it .
robert reich in the last three decades or so , income inequality has been growing .
numb head and extreme pain were weird .
i mean look at the french .
well then-what is your opinion on us getting involved in libya ?
my mum was disabled for the last 10 years of her life and i visited her every day to cook and clean and see to the garden .
wattenberg has been an nuke power plant advocate for years , and has tried and tried to fight the panic , and b.s .
been missing in action through this whole thing .
the vast amount was done in person or over the phone although i did put my concerns on paper a few times .
quite frankly , i don 't know if it 'll make much difference who wins the wh or who wins the senate majority this november .
then i found others that countered what she said .
" smart " anything is a bit of a reach for him .
so i paid them off for her .
( yes heteros sometimes abuse their children ) after a while he finds out that his new wife is a lesbian and does not love him .
don 't tell me you didn 't know that this was coming up .
there are certainly huge holes in what has been told the public .
much better than humans for many jobs actually .
if you can 't see that , you need to repeat the 2nd grade .
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok ...
yes , yes , the love of our troops , the ultimate in fake patriotism .
you can 't judge any issue using one example .
you think they 're bluffing about that ?
i am very stuck , and as a minimum wage worker i dont have the funds to sit down with a lawyer and discuss this .
most libs accept this , but the uber left continues in denial a rebate is a rebate .
for all the shortcomings of the euro , i can 't see how the ecb has done a bad job .
i agree with you , its a ironic story also .
i remember slugs on the porch and a batman birthday party .
i don 't even know kevsta ' s race ; how could i use it against him ?
anyone thinking our government is not run by money , is a fool .
what about actors children ?
two atomic bombs and the soviet invasion ended the war with very little casualties to americans .
i think my favorite question for president obama was , " who is you favorite white sox player ? "
you can 't arrest someone for something they haven 't done ...
but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality .
the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plans to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel gets ready to propose changes next month .
rslw : no , why would i hate them ?
often but i have done it .
well , us sellers should see some improvement with regard to the hassles involved with non-payers once the shopping cart goes into effect site wide .
hopefully we find out more as more light is shed on all of this .
next to that you have all those people coming back or staying there with terrible emotional impressions and memories .
i called back , and the lady said sorry since you didn 't answer we offered the job to the next person on the list who answered the phone , that didn 't make any damn sense to me .
contrary to the persistent vomiting of 24hr news networks , the news doesn 't really change as often as their advertisers would have you believe .
i had to buy carpets because we had bare concrete floors .
and the county where detroit is located also voted for him ?
like many english , they preferred fewer crowds and more ethnicity .
compared to any historical standard of living that has ever existed in the history of the human race ?
quote : my husband had a three and a half year affair .
wow , you have totally drank the kool-aid .
the shops run by women were altogether less hassly , more friendly .
if it was so desperate , so stultifying , so lacking in affection , he would have told her and taken steps to end the marriage ...
what a novel concept !
it is sad but that 's where it stands currently .
make a formal complaint .
it does take the professionalism out of his work , imho .
actually i think the thing that gets most farmers through another year of misery is the oil leases the two famers i talk to the most also work for the post office in order to keep the damn things going my cat litter farm is the prizewinner !
so , i am having trouble understanding how you come up with demolishing the church in mississippi .
" the only reason i 'm not as confident that there 's something about the birth certificate ...
we do have a disparity of " justice " in this nation , a severe one .
they really only want to say they want to close the loop holes .
or is this a ratings booster for the good doctor .
with everything going on in the world .
firstly , i was in a pub , which is in itself unusual .
it is not selfish of me to think that is it ?
just watched shepard smith .
she wasn 't an easy person to get on with , she 'd suffered with depression off and on for her whole life .
40 years from now they will be talking about the assholes that could not recognize reality and prevented even preperation for consequences .
soaring food prices / fuel ...
except , you have zero evidence that fox even played the clip until after the administration forced her to resign over it .
i felt similar to you at the outset .
their thoughtmasters have told them not to ...
but if you sell an ounce of marijuana you could be put away for a long time . "
yet , you call what you learn " fiction " and feel it 's " stupid " .
i don 't know how old i was , but i do remember i couldn 't talk yet .
there 's only one early memory i can absolutely date .
and an opinion based on very little meaningful analysis it is .
i dont see where providing free abortions is part of this discussion what ?
hi , since bout a year after i started secondary school i 've been getting this shoulder pain .
most of the middle east 's east coast has a very high number of iranian origin citizens .
spring 1959 graduates from sterling high school in greenville , south carolina .
i think at the minute you 're so exasperated by her that you 're making the situation worse .
grand theft auto anyone ?
i remember when i left school and went to college , all my friends stayed at school sixth form .
i had cervadil inserted at 4pm , they removed it and started the pitocin at 4am the following morning .
obama has allowed the russians not only to catch up military-wise but he is also making us dependent on them to be able to fix our satellites .
dealers for the most part aren 't union employees hence he didn 't care .
even the traffic is back to its usual near-gridlock .
if the people back home were clamoring to get me out of this pointless errands .
raven so where does the gingerness come from ?
@ eoe , i didn 't believe it before , but i believe now because i 've seen it : some people do really die of a broken heart .
just goes to show you what good press can do for a poor leader .
i also used to catch daddy longlegged spiders and torture my brother with them because he was afraid of them lol .
when i am up there i can not see my family at all .
they would not tell me if there was any pension left here , and would only tell me if there was ( and how much there was ) if they saw i was entitled to it .
beyond the immediate security threat , however , lies a more complex challenge : restoring faith in thailand  s fragile democracy to solve its grinding political conflict .
because it 's fun , and there are no consequences .
what got that young man killed was racist views and a demented man with a chip on his shoulder .
glad you started this one .
if your dick falls off because you catch something because you put is some place you should not have , i give you my permission to blame me .
are you saying that if a government doesn 't break up a monopoly ( cable ) , it is enforcing the monopoly ?
i don 't guess $ 16,000 annual raises harm the economy .
as unions usually do , they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are , over keeping cops on the job , and the lay offs happened .
he can tell you anything he thinks will keep you pacified .
" im not playing these bullshit games ...
i rang this evening and there were no records or her call on my account .
ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100 / 1 to 25 / 1 following a rush of bets .
so was this upholding the law , or just armed robbery ?
he said the problem is the uk does not have a plan for renewing road surfaces .
apples are one of the most heavily sprayed crops ( even in the us ) , so it 's better all around .
if the government provides health care , whether spelled out in this bill or not , it will ration the care .
the police squad rode bicycles alongside the car .
these new restrictions fall most heavily on young , minority , and low-income voters , as well as on voters with disabilities .
jemmott may have made a contribution to that .
there were no representatives from the ' no party ' .
it just caused california criminals to go to other states less stringent .
someone needs to go to jail for that one .
but how can you reply to " batshit crazy " ?
i think they went over the top in what they did to her . ”
no more government healthcare .
when it gets over $ 5 a gallon , i hafta opt out ...
^ ^ i had the same problem when i first got my puppy .
i just went on a little ride with some bad people .
she nearly had a heart attack and grounded me for a week .
i wouldn 't pay for extra lessons unless he wants them and is prepared to practise !
for bigger stuff eg mortgages etc , if you are going to have problems paying you need to let them know asap .
order to prevent self incrimination .
tlhe doctor told me that a painful muscle is a weak muscle and apparently she was right .
very humbling indeed - happens to everyone .
but then again , there are the john edwards of the world that simply think the " war on terror " is nothing more than a slogan , or an excuse to do anything we desire to do .
she would pee / poop in her crate without a second thought ( she was paper trained before we got her ) .
i 'm shocked he was even elected ...
i just want to sort out before it becomes trouble .
i hope you will read the more updated contract awards that i posted from nasawatch .
also , i used to do like my grandma and wash everybody 's clothes .
that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .
websites such as thewebfairy.com ,
i learnt the hard way what the human shoulder is capable of and what it is not .
it must be nice to not have a conscious ..
feeding a few people now is not going to fix any of this reality .
sometimes i like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war , we would have lost .
all the eveidence shows this to be a new movement that is unprecedented .
we have the river and washington dc in our backyard now .
but , doesn 't the whole affair seem a bit odd ?
communism in it 's pure form is communal ownership of all property .
it is an awful situation , not just for the children in our class but for the parents too .
bridey , did you see the pm i sent you on friday ?
phil specter walked the first time .
wtf are you babbling about ?
( i have been in full time employment for 25 years ) .
waste of time on that asshat .
that is the theory in a nutshell .
saying that people in the us aren 't concerned with global warming and are selfish is just dumb .
don 't really have any advice to offer , just trying to help .
however , there is no drama that he was involved with anna chapman or any other honey pot involved with russian or us mafias .
kid gloves for a guy who just shot someone else to death .
by the way i live in central london ... i
latest from the trial ...
how demeaning , , how not to be dignified ..
it was difficult in the beginning .
deal with it at the ballot box .
the process is run by the prosecutor .
i also had to use my savings to buy a wshing machine when it broke down .
the low person bit pissed me off , but the prose that followed was so good !
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
get used to the idea of 4 more years of the oh-boy .
and that doesn ’ t include all the workers who have fled the workforce under obama ’ s economic oppression .
on violin ) not that he is a great player / singer / whatever at present .
british ideas and industry to places of no hope .
but look at the other side .
at the time of those words , neither pakistan nor the prc existed .
they don 't know the inner workings of the iraqi government , i expect the u.s. had no choice but get the hell out .
when i was pregnant , someone tried to run me over too .
it is a fluctuation that cannot be attributed to any one specific tax change ... and
( i screwed around with my settings . )
joint mortgage ( with mrs g ) on family home .
( if so pass it around ! )
the stockings are expensive and the government does not pay at all for them , no cost share or anything , not tricare and not medicare .
as we stand there is no will that we know of anywhere .
the closest black woman to most of the liberals accusing rice of being incompetent is the maid they periodically accuse of stealing from the liquor cabinet .
we only have temperature changes going back a century or so , and you well know the planet is a lot older .
we were living together , with my 11 yr old son .
i stammerred and spoke about my opposition to the war and my support for the cause of civil rights and they went about their business , satisfied .
what health conditions does condoms treat or prevent ?
if you made over a certain amount , you didn 't get the bush rebate .
my side did this ; your side did that .
underachievingt lazy americans need unions .
that 's why their country is booming and ours is going down the toilet .
designations at the precise moment that we are about to get our first black female secretary of state .
all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance .
i found a chocolate bar at work in fridge , told one of the lads it was mine and said he could have it .
it is time to sweep newt into the dustbin .
that said , i think he is dead .
bill o 'reilly did this story on monday .
cable monopolies are all government enforced .
if it is not already too late to avoid most all of it regardless of what we do ?
you will learn to make real chips .
unless you can prove me wrong , it would seem that you are obsessed with just being contrary to anything i post .
not the people that want them to pay their share of the tax burden which they very much are responsible for .
there is no " one " reason behind nuclearization of india .
i would support spending twice as much if it were needed .
clinton left us with a budget surplus .
maybe before complaining about immigrants not speaking english , you should learn to spell .
is there any property involved ?
or is fox news your only source of information ?
first , uscitizen , there are smart cuts , and there are not so smart cuts , so quit acting stupidly .
hp x wouldn 't you expect them to build mosques in their own territories ?
the reason being that , should iran get a nuke in their hands , they would be able to bring the israelies to the negotiating table by hook or crook .
the best oif their ability .
i would happily have explained what i was actually saying , but you never asked - you simply launched into accusations .
it is a cancerous poison which is just as deadly as radiactive poisonous toxic waste .
the space program has advanced far beyond apollo because it has been sustained .
and none of these people ever suspected that the girl was being abused ?
what they shouldn 't get , is access to my checkbook by government force .
it 's not the concept of subsidies per se , but the nature of the subsidies themselves .
this is a lot of people playing cya when something goes wrong .
so far we 're doing a lot better .
do you know if a prediction is true or not .
it said wreckage of the craft was strewn at the scene .
like the " housing " bubble at the beginning of the bush administration .
that is not a " substantial drop " !
nah , he just doesn 't allow himself ( or herself ? ) to be intimidated by the noisy right .
vouchers don 't improve schools they just provide another alternative for a limited number of students .
> > > > not looking for support .
nor should the jury be interpreting the nature and scope of the tort - again , that is a question of law .
no group can be so deliberately dishonest and win over the american voter .
all other contact i have made has been ignored ( even replies to the emails she has sent me / my sister ) .
if i met that guy on the street and he tried to kill me then i would just beat him with his own cane .
the founding fathers understood that there would be inequality .
but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again .
i hold my opinions in or let them out its very negative for me .
but the police have to do something , don 't they ?
his vice president was charles fairbanks .
whereas the continentals trade primarily among themselves , england has global trading partners .
using that range , you would see we are currently way outside the norm .
they need to be funded and organised on a state-wide basis , these tiny school districts make no sense .
they 're faced with bloody horrific in your face proof that they 're wrong and they ask silly childish questions about millisecond anomolies .
the cat has your collective tongues .
but i do hope that the news of his death brings some closure to the 9 / 11 victims .. it 's
his ratings don 't match that claim .
we both earn an ok wage , in that we live comfortably , pay our bills and can afford to buy clothes , food etc , but have little at the end of the month to put into savings .
i didn 't quite understand why my cousin wasn 't like me and he didn 't understand it either .
new democrats share the concerns voiced by the council of canadians over any trade deal that is negotiated in secrete .
if you had a real job , you see it happens every day in the business world , who ends up holding the bag of dog poop .
what about his tax cuts for the middle class and poor ?
he also advised that as there had been evidence they should have logged it as a crime .
ann coulter didn 't laugh .
* shrugs * they have a chance at getting elected just as much as the next party .
pol pot just took the process a bit far .
the kids had the nerve to pop up and answer jesus  birthday .
he is the least pc of them all , thus far , and in my opinion .
he 's swimming with the fishes beat me .
because mahmoud ahmadinejad is a maniac .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
inductions don 't sound fun ... good
president obama would continue that trend .
which i said more power to them .
then you birds got nuttin to worry about ..
we send out 500 billion in wealth every year to other countries , that 's not a good thing .
though i think a fresh apple is a better choice , given it is washed well .
i don 't think the school is doing itself any favours by not communicating with parents straight away .
if you do take him back though , you send the signal that you 're prepared to accept things continuing as they are .
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5 / 1 to 9 / 4 .
assholes such as you are utterly unable to admit how bad he is , however , in light of all he has done so terribly .
yeh right , they 're so on board with that !
i would be more concerned with his short term intentions to be honest , you could spend years listening to excuses and waiting for him to leave .
can someone talk me out of this ?
i somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first ( or second ) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010 .
unfortunately , all it seemed to do is set a precedent for future pardons .
and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves .
not sure what specifically you 're asking for , so i 'll do a total dump of information .
forty years later , i find in hindsight , that my memory is clear , but inaccurate .
if " crimes begin and end with the criminal who committed them " , then why hold an entire religion accountable for the actions of 19 people .
cheers for that - i might buy the book .
i heard about this two weeks ago .
so they insisted on free trade with countries like china that chop up their own citizens for transplant organs .
and the dixie chicks insulted president bush on foreign soil .
it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept .
she continues to get death threats .
it 's just a false graph .
this makes me question what the point of the programs is at all .
someone you aspire to ( not want to be them but someone who your admire and have respect for ) e.g .
other than you , of course .
oh , i bet he can i truly hope not .
all things considered , it couldn 't have happened more perfectly .
see how far that gets you .
reassured us that , it is very normal for first time moms go over due dates and need inductions .
yes , america does not do all that it can to relieve global warming , but then who does ?
i 'm shocked he was even elected ...
he still makes a good point ... one
are there no lessons learned !
he marries another woman .
as to the mosque genius ?
me and my 2 sisters looked through her house but couldnt find one anywhere .
please do everything you can , even though it feels as if it 's not appreciated .
and at the hospital , it seemed tomtake forever for them tomfind her on the fetal monitor ; l was so scared !
all obamalamadingdong has done is spend like a madman .
talk about ebony & ivory .
now he has collaborated with thomas peterson and jr the liar you are.ohn
" smart " anything is a bit of a reach for him .
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article .
why was it changed later ?
thanks i think it can be very easy to focus on what he doesn 't do .
flint laid off police officers because the union refused to accept any cuts and chose their benefits over avoiding layoffs .
the era that the book covers is the worst era in tory party history so there is bound to be a lot of criticism in there but he is not slagging off the conservative party .
i hear those skills translate real well into a career in government .
the arab league did not understand that a no fly zone can have different meanings if worded appropriately .
the proliferation of guns , many put in the poorly trained hands of parties with scores to settle , makes the situation extremely volatile .
and they definitely shouldn 't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else 's contraception & abortions .
let 's not go conspiracy here .. but
i can understand why many clinics are afraid of lawsuits .
pleasant , unless you are male , and alone .
therefore it can only apply to a species / population .
violins are an evil instrument to learn , and you have my sympathy ...
however , as i said , they rejected it out of hand .
where do we draw the line ?
except he 's not wrong about the rightwingnuts setting her up ...
is this to be sop for the democrat party for now on ?
@ hawkeye10 , we are free from government oppression .
the british did have evidence the iraqis were trying to buy uranium .
her police detail is reduced .
the " effect " people are talking about isn 't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes .
if someone isnt interested in making the max amt of money he can , fine .
i put the words they probably said ...
as he does correctly point out , the space program does provide us with technology , some of which deters war or even prevents the threat of war .
adhere to stereotypes perpetrate a negative / unform view of the lgbt community .
the jury verdict must stand .
the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen .
she also was very respectful in her final days of dissent in the previous coallition , and didn 't even call for him to resign .
yes , price is affected by increased costs , indirectly .
i did , however , keep in contact with his mistress , as much to get answers to my myriad of questions as to keep an eye on her .
your only source of nutrition comes from " sweet & low . "
the people have a right to know ! "
there will be a regional summit in jone .
there doesn 't seem to be any novel con law question presented on these facts and it 's a puzzler why the scotus took the cert .
that is one investment that will most certainly pay off .
indeed the british struggle was our initial model for the ' salvation ' of vietnam .
curve , the rest of america is not out of step , you are .
sure , i like gingrich .
pirates of the seas know they can 't ' eff around with americans or any of their properties .
i remember being absolutely terrified on the flight , but kept deathly still .
we know about civil rights .
the only problem may be that they used new york times in their tort analysis after saying public v. private didn 't matter .
that is the real purpose behind so-called " free trade . "
i have a history of giving due credit to president obama for the few things he has done right .
to the bitter end , the official position of the clinton administration was that it couldn 't say for sure who was responsible for the cole attack .
quote : i wish you all the luck in the world hun , i just hope your thread doesn 't get nasty like so many others i 've read on here xx .
one would think they would run with the story , but they haven 't .
a republican president would have said no .
somewhere in there , we start hearing there is no possibility of abrupt climate change .
that is , they legally exclude any other company from providing services in the area .
so , my statements were as general as i could muster , in hopes of eliciting a clarification .
" she 's not sitting here " he said .
can you minimise the impact by the way you arrange your working hours , i.e .
we look forward to what he would do for the united states that gorbachev in russia .
with pictures and video .
wonderful man ain 't he ?
can anyone explain further or recommend some reading ?
don 't get me wrong i dont give to receive but if this happened the other way round i would be mortified , she was just like aww thanks i must have forgot to put the money in your card , and that was that .
and i think most americans are now seeing them that way too .
i could be wrong but i think california may have more prisons than any other state .
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon / teabagger cousin 's stupidity ?
and they insisted on " right to work " laws that busted up the unions .
barrett has 3 radio shows , he has a lot of free time now that he is no longer a part-time college professor .
but how can you reply to " batshit crazy " ?
there 's your class warfare .
the tax cuts were not for the middle class , on earned income .
i found christians against poverty were amazing and so so supportive so i would recommend them .
i believe in multiple sources of energy .
and we all know why the faux news zombies are searching for brains !
and now it appears that there was a second one , that is now being uncovered .
or we could poke sharp sticks in our eyes .
'generation gimme ' stepped in and hijacked the movement .
my ancestors were no where near this land when it as " taken over by white people " .
move to where the food is ..
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas ?
it 's real interesting how everything just unfolded like it did .
starbucks owns the mortgage on your house .
that , of course , is just my opinion .
the distortional inclinations of the next president , george h.w .
possibly more dangerous than the lunkheads that come out and say the crap " -- i meant it .
anyway , the matter has come to attention in milwaukee lately in light of two seperate cases .
quit while you 're behind .
fairbanks 60 in the summer and -60 in the winter ) yeah , i had a few choice words for her .
and stop worrying about it ...
the peace movement has not died , nor is it resting .
thank you for your past email concerning a trade deal between the eu and canada .
eventually loses to massachusetts governor michael dukakis .
but again totally different argument .
i am not among the six percent .
i was raised with my male cousin by grandma .
the point is , my dad will write all the letters and i will sign them , is that ok ?
 president bush began a string of expensive finan * cial bailouts .
there has never been a monopoly in this country that wasn 't government enforced .
i don 't know if this goes for people generally , but that was how g went .
i still miss her terribly , even though there were times when i felt i never wanted to see her again .
to begin with , there is no such world police which would itself refrain from killing whom they want .
i can 't even put it into words .
so they can cut taxes for overpaid rich folks ?
in theory , one could argue that the computer models are accurate , and that the real measurements have some problem .
you are right billw lol that 's funny , i love karma , it 's fun sometimes .
dh has not been asked to give a statement , and we assume nor has the cabby .
the old obama did it .
i say , let 's just spread the love .
he sounds so statesmanlike .
the radio show host also said that ford was a good post-president .
but again totally different argument .
and it was so vociferously , emphatically trumpeted that iraq was flush with wsmd .
i seen piles of dead human beings .
you stepped on my feelings a bit there , girl .
dumbshit- who is threatening whom here ?
it might not be even his fault .
matt millen broke down talking about it on espn .
you don 't believe fox news ?
you " honored " the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead ?
and i care enough about each of you to share with you god 's truth .
moral of the story : the media will always present news in a way which forwards their views , it 's that simple .
tell that to rick santorum i thought it was obama that started the contraception thing .
as for the dixie chicks , they 'll have to wait for the next president .
the people have a right to know ! "
i think , too , that as 4 young men travelling together , they were looked upon as a challenge by local youth .
as a christian , i pity all these hateful critics and i will pray for them . "
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that was formerly sponsored by the soviets .
fact : the warheads were empty , and showed no signs of ever having contained chemical weapons .
we don 't have sugar cane climate here in the u.s ..
i 'll help , it 's because right of center people were angry about bush 's spending .
since there would be no " spouse " , employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse .
mankind got ' organized ' .
if he was renting he could have relocated and avoided the whole thing .
it wasn 't always like that .
but i 'm sorry to say i don 't really take the ndp seriously .
opec has never been able to enforce any of its quotas on production or prices .
now i know we all face equivalent limits .
see , it 's a tax break to companies and corporations that hire vets .
two coalition crew members were injured in that attack .
that 's not just from the ex-wife .
she started out with shit pay .. long
a false allegation , allie .
i had about 20 minutes with a doctor .
apparently , the two folks that died paid nearly 10,000 dollars to attend the new age sweat led by two time oprah guest .
but i had to make that move and remind them i was still there , even though i was at a different college .
to me , this says that americans are willing to give obama the benefit of the doubt in 2012 .
and of course the poppy propaganda .
i don 't think there are too many people , just too many people to live in the way that we are living .
now get to work and provide those links .
first , you do not get " extra " redundancy money for having children .
there 's also a side issue of amicus waivers .
the bushbots were 25 % -ers .
you know what teenagers are like , they pick up on anything .
no , the predecent was set when bill clinton pardoned henry cisneros , after he was convicted of lying to the fbi .
george0b1 nobody on this thread has said a good word about north vietnam .
so , it 's something else , isn 't it ?
who in the media 's been going " half-cocked " and how did they do it ?
republican senator charles percy 's secretary took an interest in me .
survival of the fittest .
covert cia role in yemen proposed - wsj.com
but , believe it or not , there are people who really like what they do even though you consider it to be menial .
i sold an old french violin to a buyer in canada , and the buyer disputed the label .
they are run down garbage everywhere with people just sitting about doing nothing .
it was bemusing to many here how deeply ingrained the open racism still is in some communities of the usa .
the conservatives are currently on 37 % of the vote , labour on 28 % and the lib dems on 23 % .
i think the expulsion of arafat may bring that on .
no way they would allow those industries to be re-regulated .
this has never been a secular nation , ever .
there 's not a link or a quote in the entire pile of shit post .
i have a pair of their level 1 comfort step trekker sandals ( $ 235 ) and they are not comfortable at all .
why did they lose their entire life ?
i did that type of work for a few years .
you 've posted on these forums before .
i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn 't exist .
and that they havent got ..
they spent more time touring london than seeing us and the twins .
they were reserved for adults .
too bad you didn 't have that back in 2004 , you could have told your fellow righties not to vote for the debt doubler .
i 'm not wrong , " the outspoken comedian went on a vulgarity-laden two-minute rant against republicans and the troops .
obama 's approval ratings are hovering below 50 % , yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row .
lol youve studied the talking points well grasshopper .
in other words americans weren 't happy having one of their howegrown oil companies owned by commie china .
i would i struggle to meet my iva monthly payments and my mortgage payments when i don 't have a tenant paying me .
actually , it 's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line .
going up on weds eve .
health insurance should be treated with various cover options with everyone that seeks to have health care coverage paying for basic services .
they 've stolen her childhood from her .
could it be that the ocean is cooling ?
remember that corporate oil deal where the chinese wanted to buy out unocal ?
( 1 ) was to remove the actual tumor .
i mean not even everyone in hk is a british national - only a proportion of the population are .
he was in the navy during wwii and served in the pacific theatre .
i can relate to that .
unemployment was never 12 % , and was lower than it has been under obama , under bush .
when does your dh get back ?
so if the kids don 't kill themselves they end up in jail and it 's every ones fault other than their own .
how much air time did that get ?
they find very few papers ( 7 in total ) predict global cooling .
or , what , then , was the lie ?
i need to set these things correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex 's sanity hearing .
it could of been better but i admit i was lazy and didn 't really work at it .
so i think it 's just best to pardon dick and hope that he 'll leave me alone . "
don 't hate your fellow americans .
the only mistake the republicans made was in voting to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repealing obamacare and passing the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget .
don 't think i could handle it though .. i
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul .
if there is no civil marriage , there is no recognition , and so those things all disappear .
that 's why the us has the largest prison population in the world , in both numbers , and as a percentage of the population .
more like a muppet with bush 's arm stuck up his arse .
the fact that you need so many lawyers and therapists shows that you 're not quite ready to be independent .
they claim to be self sufficient in a way they are they make a living off of their own land but their products and what they can sell them for is so controlled .
the only problem with trusting the jury on this one is that they were given a question of law to determine .
you don 't remember this post ?
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots .
ok , that 's a good point .
if your clients are starting to hire again , that means recovery has been happening for a number of months now .
however despite the layoffs murder and rape are still down 11 % in flint .
how could i be expected to resist a title like that .
i rather think if he 'd been all good with truman 's decisions , daddy would not have been such a radical after the war .
even if they did win the wh and both houses of congress , they 're not going to have a filibuster proof senate , and that means working together with the dems .
a mexican shooting a black kid is the " biggest , most powerful " news story ?
don 't let the facts get in the way , though .
i suppose this type of callousness towards the slaughter of civilians should be expected from an avowed zionist .
in the 1904 presidential election , roosevelt won the presidency in his own right in a landslide victory .
eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house .
why are 1,500 available us oil skimmers not on the scene ?
what kind of outlets did this veteran have ?
here 's what class warfare looks like !
we will tell you what to think .
those are truths republicans can 't bear to face .
what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation .
the oldest child is at university , the youngest will be starting a levels this year you have no evidence whatsoever that his home life is barren and unhappy .
what happened to personal responsibility and accountability ?
the prosecturor didn 't even indict clinton let alone get a conviction .
in august 1902 , roosevelt was the first president to be seen riding in an automobile in public . [ 52 ]
if a bj was the biggest concern of the nation with the president right now-the whole country would be a lot better .
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population .
if i asked the rest of my family had heard from her they would say no .
in the " binary " world of the right wing , it 's either all lies or all gospel truth .
the tea party people are working stiffs with day jobs and families .
but foremost he is not a career politician as his profession is actually an academic one , partly in the us where he also studied .
yesterday was the day that the lib dems killed higher education in this country .
both roundabouts and metrication will help you understand the british sense of humour .
you can bitch all you want about tax rates .
some think flight 93 never crashed .
he served eleven years total behind bars for his antiwar activities .
we havent spoken since before dinner .
all that remained left was to add gravity and a " theory of everything " could be contemplated .
i 'm open minded and i just don 't take things as personally as others do .
it seems that if you help denigrate anti-intellectualism it flags up that you are an intellectual .
get your head out of ron paul 's ass , will ya please .
don 't even get me started on how badly labour wrecked the economy , or how they totally destroyed the police force .
i 've narrowed it down to god , gays and guns .
these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons ..
getting back to sanctions .
the context is to simply point out that palin says one thing , but does another .
i don 't buy into the marxist talk ...
they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service ... even
but who decides and how is that enforced ? !
but my main goal in writing to you is to prevent paypal from ordering the destruction of violins and other antiquities that they know nothing about .
how do these trotskyists think we generated our wealth in the first place ?
did i say i excused it ?
you may also lose your single person council tax status .
nukes in the hand of the shiite sect are quite dangerous as all shittes are anti-west and anti-israel .
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare ?
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
that , of course , is a different tune than four years ago , when he placed all of his bets on florida .
it was during my tenure at comphibpac that i learned the most about what i know about viet nam .
it was all the more startling because it was not perceived by people who 'd always lived here .
and when that happens , it hurts the feelings of our troops .
i 'm pretty sure tim bale is a true blue tory !
don 't ask for help from internet forums on such important issues .
i can see than hundreds of thousands of people having to breathe oil fumes is just a joke to you .
people who design the parts the robots make .
any other derailments other than potential grandchildren ?
otherwise , no other information would be given .
i don 't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is .
that said , i would caution against the attempted use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the concealed carry laws .
why is no one sanctioning the us ? ?
that is exactly what happened : no , it isn 't , unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality .
if gwb continues his course he will never be forgiven .
they used to treat it as a real safety net , but it becoming a bit of a fishing net in malmo at the moment .
an incredible amount of work has been done to make sure that the satellite data are the best quality possible .
after the vietnamese concentrated political strength to the north and drove out the french it was to our own interest and , as it turned out , the south 's interest to let the process take its course .
it 's not the catastrophe that was reported and fishing boats are heading back out .
we are currently expecting roads to go for 60-80 years without resurfacing .
it just encourages the loons .
well , sofia , it 's exactly what c.i .
well said but i trust the jury verdict .
firstly , there 's no need to panic or rush .
mostly poor you though ! ! !
they did for my parents when one passed a number of years before the other .
< shrug > what 's a person to do ?
george on of the most important things a person can learn in life is not to make assumptions and secondly not to read to much into one 's own perceptions of what happened in certain circumstances based on their personal experiences .
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5 / 1 to 9 / 4 .
i never put words in your mouth .
but does this include genocide or democide ?
are you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh * t up ?
i dont have any dog in the fight .
i am afraid of something happening to me or baby during labor .
but the death penalty bill was passed after the fact and so manson and his gang will have the luxury of living in prison till they die .
fact : the un had already confirmed that it was destroyed .
it 's far easier ( and cheaper ) to get them all at the earliest opportunity .
also she had gone home .
oh i 'm sorry , i must have missed it , what exactly about this quote is incorrect ? ? ?
and you don 't know about acorn and james o 'keefe ?
this did not go over very well with the seller , who has already had the violin authenticated .
but conserv won 't address these issues .
get used to the idea of 4 more years of the oh-boy .
if you can 't see that , you need to repeat the 2nd grade .
the b-52s were 6 miles away .
lamb : did he have a philosophy that he didn  t want to pass on a lot of money to his kids ?
did that answer your question ?
this is beyond disgusting , many people should be in prison over this .
i can remember the oddest things but major events totally slip my mind .
it doesn 't work this way .
chosen by the president .
( i thought conservatives wanted private enterprise to do all the heavy lifting ? )
they 've got stupid down to an art form .
but why go to court and send lawyers to defend against having to show it ? "
what makes us ' opposite of evil ' ?
render unto ceasar what is ceasar 's .
territorial disputes have been a major irritant in bilateral relations between the two nations and led to brief but bitter war in 1962 .
'cause it seems that because they create " all these jobs " , they are somehow entitled to a free pass .
this is why the right is destined to lose its ass .
the twenty-seven-year-old man died of four gunshot wounds .
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry .
i got the sas bravo , and it 's totally comfortable right from the git-go .
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .
i took out the loan about a year ago .
and even worse , to display the racism , we hate in others .
at the moment you 're catastrophising everything , and it doesn 't have to be like that .
it 's real simple : get the hell out of everybody 's bedroom and start worrying about the economy .
and the points of light foundation continues to help the nation find opportunities for people to serve one another .
when i have more time ( tomorrow ) , i will provide the sources for all of this information .
we saved close to $ 300 a month .
it 's not your money anymore when you die .
i sympathise completely , i have 4 kids and we both work .
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have .
kill off the weak , and shit won 't cost so much for the rest of us .
my god , you 're an asshole .
no real harm was done so i don 't think they should be punished .
the thing that helps me out is exercise with light ( 5 lb ) free weights .
obama wined and dined .
no " spouse " means no family relationship under social security whereby the surviving spouse can receive benefits at the working spouses rate if higher then their own .
it 's people who make the precision parts the robots are made from .
come to think of it , that would include you , which might explain why you don 't see it .
@ hawkeye10 , where is theodore " teddy " roosevelt when we need him---again ?
if what you said made sense , i could have a reply .
i am sure it was our very normal sized baby sitter , miss martyn , from a 2 year old perspective .
too much lunatic fringe screaming .
i hate bloated spending .
not so many - and most try to look as if they have - but some do .
islamic fundamentalists , of course ; they never blow up anything .
it is none of their business .
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little " bitch " .
computers can only be as smart as whomever is programming them .
the day 's final witness , laurie gennari , had a starkly different take on the events of the week .
the fact is , the tax cut / rebate he gave both times put money into mostly the lower to middle class folks .
had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner .
i 'll answer for the car that i 've got on order rather than my current company car ( which is a passat ) .
you have triggered some areas that i need to have a long hard think about , that are maybe a bit less comfortable than the viewpoint i 've taken so far .
as soon as you say anything in his defense they morph into " jesse and al sharpton " .
i 've been asked why i 'm so opposed to a second investigation .
as cruel as it sound , i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone .
april / may / june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro , north carolina .
you have it backwards .
cause everybody is a racist !
you say a post is wrong then throw in ad homs and don 't even attempt to support your claims .
911sharethetruth.com ,
i really am fascinated by all these whimsical nicknames thrown out by individuals such as this .
mr. chalabi sit directly behind mrs bush during the last state of the union address .
and what 's happening today is because of what happened , uh , " backward " .
what annoyed me the most about these campaigners was the extremely aggressive approach they were taking .
not much ) but a lot of debts , so i don 't think there will be a probate .
have any of you used a va loan to buy a house , then received a lot of streamline refinancing letters saying you 'll save a bunch by refinancing ?
and this was of particular interest .
great catch anyone who would compare sharpton to hitler is just well a moron and a major pile of shit .
plus , in ca they have to give you notice before your schedule .
now everyone knows that nsa stands for no such agency .
i emailed kevin barrett about some errors he made in a presentation .
i stand by everything i have said on this thread .
and it 's not like he 's even going to jail , he just got fired .
i didn 't read the article .
that 's how brainwashed they are .
while i wouldn 't endorse the idea of going to thailand now , your friend will be fine , so long as he / she doesn 't stray off the tourist / mainstream path .
it used to just say 2 : 30pm as the last time it was changed and someone else 's initials .
obamabots believe obama doesn 't lie .
i 've said what i 've said , and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you ..
no country is perfect , but this country is far and away better than any other on earth .
as you know , recently my mother died , and she named me and my sister as the executors of her will .
" that oil is already contaminating our shoreline .
any more and it 's suddenly " jesse and al sharpton and farakhan " .
we tried to implement a government insurance option and insurance companies spent billions to block it .
there are rumors that mario monti could become the next prime minister of italy .
it is when the temperature moves up to 2c above the pre-industrial level , expected in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effects start to come thick and fast , studies suggest .
to continue insurance .
i didn 't want to worry you .
if we had not gone to afghanistan or iraq , everyone has a different opinion as to whether this country would be safer now .
god has a plan for us all .
it may be that chirac wants to prevent religious violence before it starts .
but you know kids , a huge majority of them just aren 't going to do it .
the slight trend that is in the data actually appears to be downward .
he didn 't leave me , had no intentions of doing so .
the only questions remaning are " when " and " how bad " .
you can jump to the moon .
no one i phoned had any record of a will for him , so the solicitors are happy to proceed along this line .
without students , this country would lose all its technically gifted people , would lose all its main surgeons and researchers and all its very well educated employees .
just say you would like help in working out access for your son .
people who design the parts the robots make .
in australia you know straight away the difference as soon as you arrive in an aboriginal community .
but could you elaborate on why you think this isn 't an expression of patriarchy ?
furthermore detroit is not the only part of michigan ok i just want to respond to a couple things said within this thread .
does this concern you ?
only a racist would think otherwise .
contraception is about family planning , not about wild sex .
less than 6 months apart .
" i support your religious freedom to coerce your unwilling members to do things they don 't want to do . "
obama is coat tailing the operations set up by the previous admin .
there 's more to life than a couple of men .
well , she 's not the most attractive woman in the world but for a politician there aren 't many hotter out there ... she
if you run after him you are saying " your behaviour is ok " is it ?
which is fairly damning , since it 's one of the longest running programs in the country .
she has since ( afaik ) tried to gather his assets / estate and has also been in touch with the hsbc pension scheme over here ( i know this because i got in touch with them too ) .
this is precsisely , is it not ? ,
agreed- no need to flog this deceased equine .
i was in shock for about a week !
and definitely didn 't want to go into a nursing home .
and it gets worse - hundreds of skimmers sit idle ...
this isn 't just an american problem , this is the worlds problem .
you get a speeding ticket even when you 're parked .
im up to my eyes in debt with virtually no income .
those idiots at the memorial last week ... hmmm ,
you never did respond to that .
but they are extremely accurate and consistant .
does anyone else find this to be a little much to believe ?
so i was just wondering why the media is so stupid ?
he told them it 's the responsibility of the owner to clean up after his dog .
history is pretty clear on this one .
he 's just one more republican who doesn 't get laid and doesn 't want anyone else to either .
no atomic bombs , no surrender .
president obama saved all of us from the threat of those fake toner cartridge bombs .
you shouldn 't - if you would have the same wages and benefits without the union .
however , i believe i 've found the disconnect and bolded it above .
but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward .
sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved .
i have no remembrance of the speeches made before jfk 's grave that day .
continued pt three times a week .
these are ridiculous iranian people are jeopardized by this . , not its government .
this seems to be an election without a result .
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul .
in a roundabout way he was prophetic as we have the mess we have 32 + years later .
we 're in deep trouble folks .
with marshall - 8 weeks ( but my first was a preemie and she wanted to see me earlier than normal ) my current pregnancircumstances was our 1st appt .
instead , sea level has risen about half an inch in the past four years .
why would they not be sympathetic to people whom are essentially their own colleagues ?
the only people that can afford it are the super rich ...
i think it was paul krugman who said that , and i like it .
obama agreed and compromised .
he did not start out in the copy room of some local city paper and work his way up to mogul .
it 's a pretty far-fetched argument , just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it .
you really are clueless .
don 't be such a debbie downer , hip .
something republicans " mock " .
the effect , to use your caps , is the same anywhere people are , or feel , oppressed .
good luck whatever you decide to do .
however , i 'm sure we disagree on how to go about it .
bit of backstory : my dad lived in america ( indiana ) for the past 7 years .
my memories i think i may have a terrible memory because the earliest i can remember is around the time i was in kindergarten .
thanks again , for proving my other point while you 're struggling to argue with me and insult me .
you don 't get someone to feel better by telling them that they feel better , you get them to feel better by helping them figure out what 's wrong .
don 't people ever learn ?
if you can 't sort things out without suing someone or speaking to a therapist , then you 're not ready to shoot grouse .
tillman may not have been liked by some of his peers .
if that is what he did , he totally ignored the severity of the accusation , if not legally , but absolutely in terms of the impact it could have on his football program .
the forfeiture program is just a way for federal employees to enrich themselves at the expense of victims of crimes .
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn 't a cure-all for a damaged economy .
so , i guess that 's it .
so says an anamous message board poster .
i swear you protestants think everyone in some type of leadership role is the antichrist .
it 's real simple : get the hell out of everybody 's bedroom and start worrying about the economy .
" we cannot write history with laws .
and what has jesse jackson contributed to american life ?
i recommend looking at mircea eliade 's book on initiation .
of course , it 'll appease his dittoloonies .
also asked about getting an injunction against him they gave me the number for womans aid to get help with obtaining one .
one other thing , the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt .
hear a different perspective each time .
i understand his scope is very limited .
i think of you , nowadays , as a brother , marc !
this was an accident ...
they had it right in the beginning when it was about being angry at wall street .
1984 founds the national rainbow coalition .
jubilantly , he announced to the retinue of sailors around him ..
uk hoped that new countries help to break france-german hegemony in eu , but they are scared from them and never will vote against them .
health insurance should be treated with various cover options with everyone that seeks to have health care coverage paying for basic services .
he took two small papers with declining circulation in a small city in south australia and built a media empire and made himself on of the wealthiest men in the world .
well our money hungry goverment has found another pretext to sieze money from well meaning capitalists .
armed soldiers still patrol the capital , but discretely .
in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already .
for instance if we made cars without robots it would take 10x the manpower to produce what we now produce .
lastly , i am amazed by your spin on the fact that half of americans don 't pay federal income tax .
i 've already asked and you 've clarified it .
which is why i 'm not thrilled with the idea of my daughter marrying a human bean ...
he still hasn 't to this day .
fact : no such weapons were ever used by the iraqis to defend against the invasion and , of course , none were ever found in iraq .
i agree on the miscarriage of justice .
-usps will lose your package and not scan it .
it was what he did after he inherited them that make him a self made man , not the fact that he inherited them .
he married you , chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally .
yet we allow our society to treat them like adults .
they gave wall street all that taxpayer cash .
i was always fascinated by history and people 's past experiences ...
these people need a dictator who 's willing to use mass murder when they step out of line .
i chose this , my favorite thread , to make my 20,000th post .
come on use some common sense .
all that takes " education " .
the smell of gun powder smoke dont bother me to much , but it take me there .
amd loose both of us .
president obama would continue that trend .
they have no death penalty , no life sentence , and maximum sentence for a crime is 21 years .
i was terrified all the way to the hospital after my water broke .
they dont have the same social and economic problems as we in the uk have which is a big factor ..
and it 's not just skilled jobs but also unskilled jobs .
if people need help , just assume charity and local gov 'ts aren 't enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it , what 's the difference ?
i was in sever debt which through hard work i am getting out of .
then i just had a lady complain about shipping being 13.49 to california for 8 cups / 8 saucers .
i 'm not suggesting any conspiracy .
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us .
you are still a pile .
men outnumber women in the camp somewhere between 5 to 1 and 10 to 1 .
all the sanctions is affecting ordinary iranians !
the more it looks like zimmerman acted in self defense , the less you will hear of this case .
newt has been neither forthright or accurate .
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses .
the answer is absolutely .
as you 've said , once they 're focussin on other bits in dimmed light then who cares !
as for the personal tales on this thread , none of us has said all that much .
so , whom does the king stand for ?
we must be vigilant against enemies both domestic and foreign .
and that is the debate being had .
i just read about this story .
i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now .
until i know the facts i won 't make a decision .
ows and wall street are just in competition with each other for their handouts .
in that sense this is just the latest in a very long string of poor public relation and customer service incidents but this one is one of the stupider ones i 've seen .
chances are it will move more to the middle over time .
but when they are of a moral or religious nature it 's not government 's business .
it was never meant to be taken seriously .
in short , i would call in sick if there was a good reason to do so , such as the one you stated !
they found the bomb before they found the woman .
you know how i would feel supported if i was a troop overseas ?
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums , college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks .
but my mommy and daddy were pinkos .
the bush administration smeared his name when he could not defend himself .
unfortunatly , florists really rack up the prices for funerals .
i like the fact that i have good friends i can trust of many races , and if someone treats me decently , the color of her skin doesn 't matter at all .
3. basically , everything is abundant , without the need for anyone to work .
they have " no " standards .
it 's just who we are as a society .
they live in england and should speek english !
why did one of them attack another with a drill in my school ?
no college in their right mind would accept these kids in the past , and not one bank would give them a loan prior to the government guaranteeing the loan .
teachers and principles would not shield me from other kids and my family doesn 't even know i exist .
obama has been a massive and utter failure .
we call that space " batshit crazy " .
lol @ uk border agency .
she then said she could not give me their number .
this is actually quite amazing .
that means that his money is our money and same goes for mine .
and of course , it wasn 't my grandmother who drove home with my sister , it was my mother .
most apple juice is too sweet to drink , to me anyway .
why does it matter that he 's black ?
and you are excusing it cause shes " not the president " .
if he did , he should face charges .
bring back the kitten .
the fight is today and it is continuing .
if this is accepted as the norm , what will follow ?
also something about getting ripped off by people you don 't know on the internet .
that is what the founders of the movement intended .
so go ahead and process that for a while .
i see , we 've change the direction of debate because the other was fruitless ?
any advice would be more than welcome .
on the local news today , they had a caller trying to defend this racist bitch saying " she was taken out of context " ...
in addition to streamlining the launching of strikes , it would provide deniability to the yemeni government because the cia operations would be covert .
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses .
i have lost many gay friends in the 80 's and 90 's .
i first had thoughts it could be him about 10 months ago but it was just 90 % speculation .
you might consider beck to be a lot of people , but not really that many people pay any attention to that psycho .
if you want to file a joint return , have your ira passed on to your spouse without the tax burden , have legal recognition as family , and lots of other stuff you need a document accepted by the government as proof of marriage .
for example if she phoned i would say very sorry but i am in the middle of cooking / football / anything .
unfortunately , when you are raising a family that is not so easy to do .
but in my case , i figured we had enough of our own .
quit listening to him because he 's such a damned negative nancy .
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus ...
does this sound like the sensible option .
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots .
this has never been a secular nation , ever .
they offered up private solutions , good ones , ones that don 't increase taxes on anyone .
i have heard really good things about them .
no charges filed against 26 year old .
there are far more important political and economical reasons for military intervention or political sanctions .
some seniors also work beyond " retirement " age .
and why should cops have to accept less benefits ?
ows has already launched the class war into the consciousness of millions of americans .
more often than not ows protestors are targeting their peers on the street rather than anyone who has committed any actual wrong doing .
we live in a society where everyone gets a voice , and this is the current policy .
if you really want to dive into these ideas , in a much more in depth manner i suggest you watch this video .
as a parent and grandma can i give you some advice hun ?
it has just been announced that gerald ford , 38th president of the united states has died .
but , you know , don 't hold your breath on that one fellas because , you know , when america invades a country , we love you long time .
ows has captured the attention and participation of the entire world .
other states have cut back on early voting , a hugely popular innovation used by millions of americans .
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists .
but i agree lets hear about some other news as well .
i won 't let you put words in my mouth ..
quartermass has not given opinion in that last post , namvet .
my understanding ( imperfect , i 'm sure ) is that there is no active persecution of jews in the country .
in the future farming will become an endeavor of the highly educated ( not necessarily degrees , but real education ) .
friends often say i 'm lazy , and i can 't disagree a lot of the time .
" the protest is going well so far .
do they deserve have the family business ?
the people has less taken out of their pockets but the government still got its revenue .
the " bud " was just a stolen name and address .
look at our manufacturing industry .
how original of you tm .
let them argue that evil midgets from outerspace forced him to do it , the end result will be the same , a guilty verdict .
and while you 're at it , find out why rupert is investing in the prince 's middle eastern network .
i wonder if he believes them now ?
tomorrow is the state of the union and obama will be talking about the huge deficit we have .
wouldn 't that be the same for anyone ?
i keep telling you not to read those prophecy sites rdean , you are getting confused .
it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier .
however , by that same rationale , it is unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-makers .
i have not heard about any kind of will relating to my dad .
that theory arose in the 1930s as the answer to the great depression , which , of course , never worked .
if you can 't see that , you need to repeat the 2nd grade .
now they are set in their ways .
there has always been relative poverty .
“ that ’ s the real danger of obamacare , ” giuliani says .
less cops - more murder and rapes .
and we got some significant things that need doing .
i usually blurt out that the truth movements goal is not a second investigation , their goal is to absolve al qaeda of the murder of thousands of innocent people and that makes me mad .
we explain that to our tempos when they apply with us so they understand the importance of always being reachable .. to
i don 't even know if he had a will , and if so , was it over here ?
no spousal privilege in the case of a criminal prosecution .
what 's the chance of the protests spreading ?
bad decisions and greed is what got a whole lot of citizens in trouble too .
we now know that tillman was planning to come out publicly in opposition to the iraq invasion .
she acts like she had no idea who she was praising .
it 's obvious that you love your daughter and want what 's best .
i read through the entire label on one bottle ( motts ) and could not find anything to indicate where the apple juice was from .
for the larger issue , if you are going to take that route , then is islam an inherently evil / violent religion ?
i 'm pretty sure that apples grown in china , and juiced in , say , washington state could be labeled " made in usa " .
must get lost in my posts , what with the other women and all .
now , to address your " point " .
that surgery was relatively fast ( 3 hrs ? ) and no physical side effects , aside from the 70 staples .
2. changing the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare ?
cons : you have to pay the 0.5 % funding fee .
here is what you should have asked layton ...
his ratings don 't match that claim .
in the great debate over newt and his love life , people keep bringing up the case of clinton .
let 's not go conspiracy here .. but
there are even putin youth leagues harassing opponents above the law .
opec has never been able to enforce any of its quotas on production or prices .
i agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this .
he was so passed out that he didn 't even flinch .
the my physio said ' stop taking the ibuprofen , that won 't help . ' 
once they remembered that i needed inviting to things because i was no longer in a position to hear about things in discussion i never got left out again .
i don 't mind paying taxes , but i hate to see so many of my neighbors having to move because of these huge increases .
you do realize in the united states we can vote for anyone of any party or of no party at all , right ?
don 't even get me started on how badly labour wrecked the economy , or how they totally destroyed the police force .
i lost him when i was quite young , and like most ww ii vets , he would never discuss what he 'd been through .
they are just doing another day at work .
based on the highly regarded novel by väinö linna .
it is now undergoing political turmoil with tens of thousands out on the street .
- ronald reagan thank you all for your input .
why does it matter that he 's black ?
i 'm sure the house came with a child sized hole kicked in already .
the location of a person 's birth doesn 't make his life any more or less valuable than his neighbor 's .
she 's on line here but hasn 't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's our nation 's laws to follow all of leviticus .
just this shoulder pain .
you can have wild sex without contraception .
they cant bring back my bother .
at the same time , you will go metric with immediate effect and without the benefit of conversion tables .
so why wasn 't she able to report this factually , and based on that why should we believe her reporting ?
democrats should be ashamed of this administration and their hyper partisan , dishonest , fear mongering .
am i confusing my numbers , or is that about ten percent of the population ?
no one has yet written the equivalent tale from china , and the russian story has only partly emerged .
people who design the robots .
they have craft things , bingo , speakers , dances etc. she really enjoys it and wouldn 't get out much otherwise .
ask yourself this question !
when would you prefer him to announce his resignation and start the process of electing a new leader ?
mean , i know that a car is a material posession , but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it .
a well stated answer , willow .
so it 's an economic not a military invasion .
they understand that that there are many other factors to be considered ( i.e .
ask for the crime number and see .
if so i 'd try and get the same sort of flowers hi , so sorry for your loss .
it was an eye-opener .
i became aware of a strong , beautiful woman , heard her speak , " i want to ask a question .
so , why beat around the bush ?
if they have made peace with their pay , then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well .
everyone in our society gets a voice .
lemme change her real quick for you . "
currently none of the procedures i have been recommended for are on the no go list , but it exists .
some who went to war didn 't want to go , but felt they could not disobey .
vor : have you read george orwell 's 1984 ?
but even if you have a sound business plan ... and
new countries joined in fear from economical revenge for refuse .
and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 years from now .
carter signed an executive order on july 3 , 1979 authorizing funding for cia covert activities .
there are lovely blokes out there who dont give a toss about physical appearance in that way .
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said .
when i was done i would either flush or drag them around the house .
this seems to come up a lot as well , as a matter fo fact countries were better off under british rule .. bring
i don 't need you to state whether you 've excused it or not , by your actions its clear that you have .
it seems like if a candidate went to a state , and said , " i hate all of you .
he doesnt seem to realise or maybe he just doesnt care how it makes me feel .
meets dr. king ; asks him for a job .
early in our friendship she confessed her marriage was in trouble ... i
that is , they legally exclude any other company from providing services in the area .
it seems this morning that it 's the conservative party . " ... < cont >
he can run with palin .
godspeed mr. president ...
cartels always fall apart .
it would take decades for iran to develop enough arms to really threaten israel and they never will anyways .
wars can speed the process up but as soon as the war is over it goes back to the same old slow approval process .
so what does this have to do with newt ?
it 's extremely difficult for china to be certified organic because of their practices .
however you phrase it , we have not seen tax receipts this low as a percentage of gdp since the end of wwii .
not one speech he 's given tells me he loves this country .
( or seem to by not just saying it doesn 't . )
at least we assume so .
robert , next to that easy emotional comment which seems to ventilate frustration ...
he added that nato sent a delegation to meet with local leaders and investigate the incident .
george bush chose a black woman to be his top adviser on national security .
stop getting your info from fox .
they are sitting on over a trillion dollars in cash .
how about all of new york state ?
it was only meant to be temporary but my partner then realised he quite liked the idea of a regular income also , and also found work .
i think you need to stop obsessing about what your friends are doing without you , and start inviting them to do things with you .
it 's not healthy for our nation .
that is because , speaking for myself , i recognize the oppressive nature of that government .
the politics of congress ) .
what if they do try very hard at their homework and blow it at the test .
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums , college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks .
is there really monies in this ue ext .
you 're offended when people use the word " brew " to mean beer .
because they 're not shameful liberal media race-baiters .
and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession .
there is no possible way the cbo 's or any of the various blogs cited numbers here can work .
sue your high school english teacher .
i am not sure if what i have written is what the coroner actually wants or what he can use .
all life and death medical decision do , in my opinion .
al sharpton grew up doing the preacher circuit for his particular brand of religion .
think it 's going to stay that way with less police ?
ah , but then bush is bush !
it has gone something like this : first , there was an effort to say that no warming existed at all .
honestly when you think about it it really does look just ..
and where he sticks his wand can be a matter of national importance .
the government didn 't have any thing to do with it .
he 's a very smart man .
i didn  t do as well at stanford , by the way .
bill clinton got a blowjob in the oval office .
silly me i didnt total how much but it was about 4 debts in total and i am sure it must have been about 5k in total .
some just want america to fail .
determining the law and instructing the jury in that law is what the judge is for .
but , if you are alluding to the idea that some people may die , i agree .
easy enough to google to discover the flaws but here is one commentary on it .
and i think i had the highest grade point in my college of humanities .
great britain : the countries of england , scotland and wales .
you must spread some reputation around before giving it to katzndogz again .
he got taken to a & e and is still in hospital now .
the school know he has this obviously and told the cdc he ' was fine ' at school so the doc was really rude and said that i needed to do what the school was doing .
it could be worth a cheap ish course in assertivness ( or a book ) .
i wouldn 't be asking for anything in return but the chance to improve life for others .
the problem with these ' resolutions ' targeting iran is that everyone can see the hypocrisy , its a case of our allies can have nukes but others can 't .
i fully and totally agree .
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .
how the hell was this allowed to happen for over 10 years ?
relate is not just about keeping a couple together .
we seem to have lost sight of the meaning of the whole thing ... is
our nation as ( they ? )
believe that their country is under threat ?
for me , natural labor was quick and easy .
there is no such thing as u.s. english .
@ patiodog , ( i 've shared this story before so please forgive the rerun ... )
i am now overpaying a bit and have 8.5 years left and can visibly see it reducing every time i log on to my online account .
the next problem is that this world police has issued arms ownership licenses so liberally that the world police does not control the world territory .
they live in england and should speek english !
they screwed the pooch on this story .
it was bloody hard work and working for free to gain experience is a good thing .
and of all that only the maintenance and perhaps the engineering is generally us provided .
lots of luck , she will get through this phase !
didn 't figure in the interest that 'll be due on it , did you ?
i 'd love to tear apart his lies , but i don 't know how good i 'd be on a radio show .
the crate i keep my puppy in is tiny ... about
but it said it was still investigating the cause and conducting a recovery operation at the site .
* drool * she may be a socialist , but at least she 's a hot one !
all those things you mention are the twisted twine ball of the government .
you speed walk in your sleep .
it 's a tough call even for states , because of what i said in the first paragraph .
so if he were to leave his lesbian wife for a man he might lose his children .
so i was living at a homeless tent city called camp take notice in ann arbor and i was living in a tent with the man i was in a relationship with .
wtf is that all about ?
by the way , the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn 't off one single plan .
england remains a world power , the rest degenerating under the yoke of socialism .
if your problem is with the banks , then sue the banks and try to get some money out of them .
my sister is getting ready to go to uni and i really am starting to resent him for how my life is now .
i have no problem with that .
reality , of course , disagrees .
in short , she doesn 't have a clue what she 's talking about .
plus , i 'm kind of scared of him .
continue living off the backs of those who pay for their benefits without any obligation to offer anything in return ? !
contrary to the persistent vomiting of 24hr news networks , the news doesn 't really change as often as their advertisers would have you believe .
you cannot continue to ' be her friend ' out of pity , and tbh you are not being true to yourself if you feel like this and then invite her places .
the fact that nixon and carter were uxorious did not make them good presidents .
even in light of this recent information , repubs still say it was a waste .
spent many hours with her talking and listening , trying to make sense of her troubles and provide a shoulder to cry on .
to suggest that blacks are not poor due to external factors leaves black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factors , which could only mean that blacks are inferior .
i would certainly label him a narcissist or a psychopath .
for the most part , i think the market should be allowed to set it 's own price , but would agree that there does have to be a minimum wage of some kind .
at least he didn 't choose to carry a great big gun that killed his target , who was not committing any capital crime .
he still has a job becuase the city was unaffected ... but he lost his home .
this person is only going to get worse - not better .
wow that vor person is a idiot !
oh spare us all this nonsense you keep pulling out of your ass .
there are times , especially when we are pregnant , that we have to prioritize .
and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves .
they are merely retaliating to whatever our politicians throw at them !
is no consideration to be given to the crim ?
but they have new truck every year , a huge custom and all their kids dive nice cars and go to state collages .
or maybe just a commutation of sentence like for scooter libby .
wanted to know if a bracelet i had listed at $ 14.50 was sterling silver .
police are convinced that there are people who know something , but no one has come forward with any information .
i 'm sure that idea will win great support amongst the populous .
it was my stepdad that had said " so and so died of a broken heart " and i would laugh .
i clicked on everything and couldn 't find a link .
my bother , aunt , uncle and mysteriously this old women that was also involved in my court case .
new zealand beer is also acceptable , as new zealand is pound for pound the greatest sporting nation on earth and it can only be due to the beer .
some refused to go because they didn 't want to be killed .
i agree with you about ' shouting about being different ' , what do you count as proclaiming difference ?
the international development secretary , hilary benn , the former health secretary alan milburn , and the leader of the commons , jack straw , are all at 25 / 1 .
* stop giving money belonging to we the people , away to the corrupt politicians of foreign governments .
the way the system is designed , not much more than this is practically possible .
i don 't know what to make of the whole thing to be honest ..
but when it came to what i questioned ?
so i have been looking around for somewhere else .
don 't you follow , and want our laws to follow all of leviticus ?
in fact , watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming .
it is looking bad for ray right now .
i never had any luck with the temp agencies , one time i got a voice mail from one of them saying they had a job for me .
always easy to blame others for your ineptitude .
thus the need for health care insurance reform ... the
does this sound fair ? would the kids be happier with two fathers who love them than a man and woman where only one parent really loves them ?
into actually rebuilding the country .
crony capitalism has been on the fore front of political debate for at least a few years now .
and of course it not ever their fault , as it 's now fox news , the righties , blaa blaa blaa .
now the space-shuttle program is going tits up thanks to him so we 're pretty much out of the space business .
false it is down 11 % .
she is so sensitive that even if i don ; t eat dinner she gets in a mood and takes it personally !
we didn 't really get anywhere so he dropped me home and told me to go and that it would be a 50 50 decision to split .
i was in and out of the wards , civilian and va 2 or 3 times a year from 96 to 2000 .
after college i , like many others at the time , felt a compulsion to change what we saw as inequalities in the world and became a social worker .
i asked if they had showed him the time as he needs visual prompts and she said ' i told him he had 10 minutes ' i asked if she showed him 10 minutes and she said no .
usually , there is only 1 us at 20 weeks with my midwife unless there are other circumstances .
it 's the biggest , hottest news story in media .
you can claim it 's false all you want , but facts are facts .
most christians do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin .
all politics aside , it was the most important issue on the ballot as far as i was concerned .
you think this whole thread is conspiracy theory bs ?
or like oil companies , who have a cartel .
that is exactly what happened : no , it isn 't , unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundreds of thousands of people can be written off because of their nationality .
again , you daft cunt , i 'm not rich and i get great health coverage .
i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head .
" for over 20 years , i have illustrated the absurd with absurdity , three hours a day , five days a week .
should we be talking to someone about this ?
common sense tells us that bankers that have to sell their third vacation home are the one 's with entitlement issues .
i don 't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy .
thank god for the 99 % ers ' they seem to understand the system is rigged .
so it is a big deal that they are coming .
the tea party didn 't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics .
there , now , isn 't that more literate than ' lying racist ' ...
you must have seen zona 's post on the other thread .
most christians do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin .
i believe this man gets it .
he is an ex-ecb vice president .
the detective in charge hasn 't answered phone calls and his bag hasn 't been returned to him , which contained business papers and clothes .
pakistani military , isi or the nwo order ?
the lawmakers choice to bail out the banks is an entirely separate issue of accountability .
bloodletting is not a valid medical treatment , either .
i think the lakotas never expected to win in court .. ray
seems to me you would want them to make money in order to have money in order to clean up this mess ..
i curse worse than a sailor so i felt it was best to think about those choice words for her .
who said zimmerman is a victim ?
the rich don 't need cobra , they can buy their own individual policy at any price ... so
this development is interesting because it raises a lot of fascinating questions about economic management .
how will conservatives respond to the issues ?
exactly how awesome are you , anyway ?
do we want iran to become the next north korea ?
it 's a human endeavor .
ground / home deliver tues thru sat ...
a recent example is how a federal court rejected a lawsuit based on " national security . "
my mum married the other man and stayed with him until he died .
it make sense to at least release one proper picture of bin laden too to silence all the critics ?
i agreed to marry him .
it  s hard to understand why the brits would desire to be assimilated into the eu .
people who design the robots .
they leave that pathetic shite to cnn & nbc .
: / after reading through the posts in this thread , isn 't the main issue one where british nationals are being denied the right to come here .
" all i want is a chevrolet . "
i wasnt trying to make him feel bad .
you wouldn 't have an original thought if it hit you in the face .
i have a brother and sister that do not speak to me and they think this was a brilliant way to get back at me ( believe it or not ! ! ) .
the politics of congress ) .
who said anything about the csi program , genius .
why do you think that commandment is there ?
i think this is a political not current event thread .
 president bush became the first president to spend 3 percent of gdp on federal antipoverty programs .
it seems like every time something goes on between my husband and i that his friends have to get involved or make rude comments .
it may destabilize the gulf for a while , but in the long run it will prove to be fruitful .
our justice system is rotten to the core , so what are we going to do about it ?
if you want to learn absolutely nothing , whilst watching the poor old teacher trying to play a role that largely consists of being a jail warden , then go to a comprehensive .
i don 't need you to state whether you 've excused it or not , by your actions its clear that you have .
they are the voice and interpreters of this tort and did their duty .
only caught this thread tonight , but yay for you and the date !
does it automatically get split between me and my sisters or do we have to try and track down this other will ?
she actually asked me if i had a can of pumpkin for back up .
this has been so usual for us that i can bring her home and not change her again til 6 : 30 or 7 and her diaper is still peed in but not full at all .
( this is in primary by the way ) .
in your own mind , maybe , outside of it , the word may take on a different meaning .
in actual practise , the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits .
i told him not to come back , but i know yet again i will take him back .
conventional weapons may not even be able to hit some of the fortified facilities either .
no one appears to have posted about this yet .
in any case , the basis of the thread is still shot to hell .
no atomic bombs , no surrender .
it does exist , and it 's a fucking crime .
newt 's relations with women are at best reprehensible .
it simply covers the things we have been talking about .
this is england , we are a 3rd world dumping ground for some reason ..
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal , unproven benefit , i know the liar is a leftist .
so if the jury was in fact instructed incorrectly , chances are they will not come to the correct conclusion .
the problem i have here is that the wbc 's site isn 't a memorial site for matthew snyder , it is their own property to disseminate their point of view .
the former home secretary charles clarke is the outsider at 66 / 1 .
but our parents said " oh no , it was an accident " .
michigan is also considered mitt 's home state .
the world police can send troops to surround the criminals , but there are no easy and clean options to go in without either of the armed forces massacring a lot of the hostages too .
there are no groups of right wingers dancing in the streets waving signs that say " death to liberals ! "
 president bush presided over a $ 2.5 trillion increase in the public debt through 2008 .
i along with other christians will bow to allah ( who is the same god i worship anyway ) and watch the fireworks .
the constant stream of pinocchios he has gotten from the washington post , on easily checked facts , demonstrates this .
i want to thank all of you who participated and also craven for giving us the opportunity .
wait , see and hoard cash .
you sit in front of one of mankind 's greatest inventions .
the kid is a monster with no respect for human life .
the international alliance did not release further details .
ann coulter didn 't laugh .
in their view , there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person .
yes , there are many variables that affect prices , and trying to explain it through one company is not realistic .
do not pay attention to the evidence !
that was also about a blow job , of course .
and all to few understand , therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide .
and besides they do update their platform .
so nursing care isn 't wonderful .
hardly fills me with confidence that they should be allowed to have nuclear weapons .
perhaps its time for budget and personel cuts in the justice dept if all you have to do is bust for weed .
we called the campgrounds and the owners said they had cleaned our campsite and did not find anything .
bullies " attempted " to beat me up while the other kids looked on and helped the bullies .
or does anyone know any way i could help it ?
laws should be for everyone .
since being made redundant i have worked really hard at both getting the house together and finding another job .
as for his pension , would that not have been sorted when he divorced your mum ?
the left is fighting for freedom of choice .
the president 's biological father was kenyan , and obama barely knew him .
china has been very successful economically , and plans to continue .
we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished ?
anyone that has a nickel in their pocket has a part in controlling commerce .
practically , nobody cared .
it appears that , though you claim to value education - we must have very different understandings of what the word ' education ' means also .
i just wondered if anyone else had been in the same situation and could offer me some advice so i can move forward from this .
in america we have a thing called due process .
i already showed you that there has been no decrease in outgoing lw radiation since 1970 according to the satellite record in spite of a marked increase in atmospheric co2 .
they are a pissed off and unaffiliated new breed of political monster that no one knows what to make of yet .
got in and out with relative ease the last time i went .
this won 't be the last rise in tuition fees .
what are scientists who are educated in how to treat and prevent the problem going to do ?
i think there is a broader view of holding people accountable that your conveniently ignore with your argument .
three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded .
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay .
as unions usually do , they chose keeping their benefits at the level they are , over keeping cops on the job , and the lay offs happened .
i really dont know what to do ...
it 's kind of scary but the thing is he wants to be caught , he 's just making people work to catch him .
are they not a media company interesting in keeping the populate updated on the latest and greatest and hottest news ?
the bush administration put them back in .
i chose to allow him to do so .
i wonder whether khadaffi 's move heralds a new direction in the realtionship between the west and the formerly anti-us arab nations .
the conversation turned to politics , which led eventually to a rather silly looking woman ( rslw ) saying that she hated the bnp .
wher the women even those pregnant were not allowed any breaks except a 30 minute lunch perid .
it was so secret that james bamford was able to write a book about in 1982 , the puzzle palace .
oh my god , you really are a racist aren 't you ?
until two days ago , i didn 't know they actually made guns for kids ( and i 'm not talking about toy guns ) .
i do appreciate the fact this shooter was not charged or detained , since he was acting within his understanding of the laws we have now .
even though i do work , but he is the one that pays the majority of our bills .
i will say that i have never found an article on the milwaukee voucher program that proves it 's working .
the high court declared the case against the machines moot since the justice department has now cleared the machines , and ordered another part back to court to decide a fight over attorney fees .
problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come .
that 's why i no longer laugh at them .
we created 11 million jobs . 
i still like you , but i am beginning to wonder why .
the vote for gay marriage is about to happen in maine .
sorry to rant about gypsies so much , but there is so few that listen , i take my chances whenever i can .
this september i left home , and started at university .
i am also reading about that recently ( e.g .
they never get presidential attendence do they ?
this contraception thing is nothing but a new shiny object to distract the easily distracted and unfocused republicans .
actually , it 's people who build the robots since not enough are being made to create an assembly line .
police say that 's a standard practice whenever a taser is used .
totally free of course .
but at least i 'll have peace of mind that he 's ok .
i know they are not saving and i just cant understand !
lefties are either constantly outraged or the poor victum .
seems there isn 't a whole lot of disagreement with this decision after all .
something needs to change before we aren 't a so called democracy anymore .
sorry to moan but i really feel down now and dont know what to do or say .
and since they are not taxing my parents , and this is new money to me , then it has the right to be taxed .
we should start a sequence of these threads ; - ) .
it exists on the other end of the spectrum .
if she cant communicate then her familywould be free to do what they wanted with her without getting found out .
you can take a picture of yourself from ten feet away without using the timer .
but man are a lot of middle class and even poor americans brainwashed .
i don 't spend my days surfing for news bytes to find something to bitch about .
care i think sinatra unsubscribed from his own thread .
for example , it 's okay for you to impose your value , because you are special ?
and when that happens , it hurts the feelings of our troops .
i lost my mum and i felt the same way , for quite a long time , so i think i understand how it is for you .
mike mcqueary is an interesting case in that he was practically raised to be a part of the penn state family .
tens of thousands of americans !
they offered up private solutions , good ones , ones that don 't increase taxes on anyone .
i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .
aig gets bailed out , then gives multi-million dollar bonuses in the very same year .
in russia , 56 % positively evaluate the work of obama .
this , had we be wiling to talk about it seriously at the time , would have been legitimate cause for concern .
they might be hiding him or something , in which case what is the problem ?
at least that is my hope .
why didn 't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled ?
it 's one thing if you are just lazy and forget , but its another thing to lie about diaper changes all together .
none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies .
i try not to assume i fully understand those i encounter , but i do react to things i see and i do have opinions .
nothing i could do will change the face of the past .
come out of your plane and hump in my boots !
" childhood , " as just an aspect of being human , is a rather recent concept .
a veritable achievement indeed .
folks will be lined up outside the polling places , just waiting to color in the dot next to any democrat that goes up against these baboons !
i know i 'm just a mere human , i have no right to question a corporation .
some of the autobiographies are good though , i 've got major 's , thatchers , hestletine 's , lawson 's and howe 's .
i know i 'm just a mere human , i have no right to question a corporation .
the fact that you indicated they are not open monday tells me this is a ground / home delivery shipment - express delivers seven days a week , altho there are surcharges for weekend deliveries .
so , i answered her question patiently and honestly .
something d-man doesn 't want to touch on .
however , they did strive to make everyone equal under the law .
the millionaires got one .
the solution will not or should not be requesting a schedule change for ms.i .
the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us .
hopefully you have been declaring this income to the taxman ?
what kind of history do the us have then ?
in fact , watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming .
girls who play bisexual for male attention are just infuriating though , and absolutely demean the efforts and image of lgbt people .
this has been talked about for some time though .
it 's the biggest , hottest news story in media .
i never got a birthday or xmas card , let alone anything else .
removing the staples was horrible and weird .
she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there .
utter fucking nonsense .
you are so good for not letting rip at her in front of her friends .
some of the autobiographies are good though , i 've got major 's , thatchers , hestletine 's , lawson 's and howe 's .
how long ago was this ?
the truth is the current socio-economic system is out of date .
he does not have the balls to put his own numbers on the table , and suggest how they pay for it .
i would look up the yellow pages for advice places and give them a phone .
hiya all -long posting alert ! ! ! !
while i 'm sure mr schlesinger enjoyed taking a swipe at the departed mr bush , he adds nothing to the debate .
so say those that ruined it .
best wishes , yes he had an affair .
i suppose this type of callousness towards the slaughter of civilians should be expected from an avowed zionist .
it is possible that powell sold his soul to the devil like the rest of them .
don 't even want to imagine pitocin-induced contrax .
i had to pay for curtains because our flat is old , on a corner and freezing .
did the report actually reflect what they wanted ?
it should be evey man for himself .
did you ever think about wearing a little slip in bed ?
i 'm not rich and they saved me $ 2400 last year .
woman at the nursery also said that they 're appalling in answering calls , i was on for over half an hour waiting for an answer in the morning .
yes , yes you have buried your head in the sand , sail away .
the appellate court ordered the case back to juvenile court .
mass media are a good mirror to show how much a life is worth or worthless for them in different parts of the world .
i suppose it 's against the rules for democrats to question these things ... i
2. speak to a solicitor .
how is that possible ?
i 'll stick my neck out here but my 11 yo often stays at home on her own for short periods of time ( about an hour or so ) is this an option for part of the time ?
so i offered to make whatever she didn 't want to , and at first she didn 't want me to have to make anything .
they gave up the comforts of home and being surrounded by friends and family let alone there status as wanted criminals .
clearly those who travel on buses have a greater level of decency .
skip , that 's also very true .
my experience with black people ( or negroes as we said then ) started as a boy in detroit .
 there does not exist such a thing as china  s attempt to  attack india  or  suppress india  s development . 
i dont understand where my parents money goes !
it also proves that i 'm dead on about breitbart being a lying hack ...
there are some things you don 't need to be told since they are so bleeding obvious ?
i was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part .
rex , i am a conservative , and you are an idiot .
he just doesnt get it .
the federal government 's own unemployment figures and the current condition of the housing and other consumer markets belie any published numbers handed out by the left , the white house or cbo .
noddy , you always say the very thing that evokes strong reactions in me .
correlation is not causation .
do you have his mum 's backing on what you 're doing ?
mention cannabis and they roll their fucking eyes .
let 's hope the frogs do the right thing .
abhisit is adamant the government will not crack down , but security forces will take action if the protests turn violent .
greatly lower your expectations , etc. and just enjoy the visit with the woman that revels in your supposed fat-ness .
since we have started doing it he has come home with a certificate from school each week saying he has got all his spellings right .
your nervous twitch registers on the richter scale .
in the 60-70s timeframe it was resurrected in a different way to describe strong force interactions .
the wbc people were never suspected to be all that bright though .
then i have had instances where 2 people have not received their items but that is because they had p.o .
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically links them to iran .
if you doubt it , just look at the ideologues they put on the thing .
there is so much wrong and you don 't seem to understand what 's wrong .
so i was just wondering why the media is so stupid ?
this country has lost sight of itself .
christy is a fat sack of shit .
he creates k 'nex models out of his head ( not what 's on the box ) that can move and wind things up .
its like that whole little legal business didnt even exist .
but it 's also possible that something more mysterious is going on .
it helps that the media hasn 't given him the same anal-probing the gop field has gotten .
i saw this as just another fox flunkie pushing the " class warfare " line that 's heard from the neocon / teabagger pundits in the media .
debt slavery here 's a hint .
also , assuming the whole thing is a sham ..
therefore it 's a false graph .
when i asked him why he likes the violin he said it 's because he likes classical music .
not really , most of the lost sdp votes went to the greens .
and i do believe we have that power to make it happen , or to extend ourselves longer if we want .
they can do both ; - ) !
that would be like a devout muslim opening a liquor store but refusing to sell booze .
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots .
every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black .
that is the entire case .
there are usually women 's groups at the different churches , and often volunteers will come to provide transport .
bridey-there is a mm poster who left the law and went to education policy .
the nature was so amazing ...
yes i have seen that documentary - very good .
wtites , that 's what i wanted to say .
your first-aid kit contains two pints of coffee with an i.v .
networks without assistance .
@ edgarblythe , that is very sad .
it 's really good , and quite innovative in places .
rest inured , i will not persecute them to the full extent of the law .
the taster 's choice couple wants to adopt you .
robert reich in the last three decades or so , income inequality has been growing .
people who design the parts the robots make .
anyway , i brought this up to the manager and she talked to mrs. i. this was about 1 month ago .
and these feelings are beating away at me .
this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cites data finding that students who participate in the voucher program did not perform better than their public school peers .
and the crowd would not be knowing that she would be adding more at the end , was sure applauding her story of what she did ...
i 'm saying we use technology to its fullest potential and alleviate humans of physical labor .
they paid him over $ 30 million .
you seriously think the left doesn 't have equally distasteful bumper stickers ?
first time i got arrested i didn 't get my mcchicken or 3 quarters back .
i just don 't feel comfortable with expanding iied that far , wbc assholes or no .
stripped of everything that would help the economy .
killed by violent partners who had pursued and threatened them for years - who had made numerous threats to kill them .
or in a wheelchair forever .
whenever he acted out with someone new i would say , congratulations , he trusts you .
she tried to push me to commit to going to the smithsonian to try for a job - why , i was not sure .
most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy .
they all have their issues .
it doesnt allow us to forecast properly ..
nor have i seen any proof that those who are associated with the so-called ground zero mosque were in anyway associated with the murderers of 9 / 11 .
most christians do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin .
was it as gruelling for them as i 'm imagining ?
i think it may be called the family .
i 've called ebay , they promise to do something , nothing is done , she is still burning sellers .
looks like the guy that would deliver your mail , mow your lawn for you if you were sick ... very
didnt want to read and run ..
and stop worrying about it ...
but that info is from 2007 , best i can tell .
but i would really recommend that you get an appointment with your uni counselling services .
it is not reasonable to host an event called the world series for a game which is not played outside of america .
most people would go to school and indugle in the arts and music .
| decisions based on evidence ... the
i think you 've come down with ctd , conspiracy theory disease .
as the only white in the hall , i understood why the question was being asked .
ya think he wanted to hire new people ?
mr. chalabi sit directly behind mrs bush during the last state of the union address .
and then people could come in and say , look , i have got so many hours and afternoons , what do you have for me ?
now of course its everyones fault but their own .
that would explain all your common sense postings , lol .
mi-6 stood by that statement .
i would not even raise my voice to her or her boyfriend .
( funny - we all looked forward to the occasional divert to da nang with its hooches and booze . )
i went to see another male friend last night who i know has a thing for me , and he started hitting on me and i let him have sex with me , until i realised i couldn 't do it and stopped and made him take me home .
there 's no such thing as arguing for peace rather than a the continuation of a morbid death cult .
less cops - more murder and rapes .
know we would love our own house but i can 't save anything until the end of my dmp .
in this case i think that is beyond ceasar 's bounds .
nothing that i have read in this interaction leads me to believe anyone is exaggerating except maybe you .
he 's recently changed policy to go after the iranian agents that are supplying the militias .
i have had two periods of counselling in my life , over roughly 15 months from december 2009 until around march this year .
really stinks at it was just our anniversary right before .
as a general question , i would like to ask others to see what you think ?
you 've worn out your third pair of tennis shoes this week .
are you going for effort or result ?
last night , defence confirmed it was aware of the report and was seeking more information .
the fact is , the tax cut / rebate he gave both times put money into mostly the lower to middle class folks .
how does that change the fact i 'm breathing oil fumes right now ?
but what is this anger going to get you .
unfortunately they 're going to end up at the same address six feet under - they be pals or israelis .
waiting in an outer hall , i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone .
it was many other portions of your thesis that were in question .
why does it matter that he 's black ?
also , finding out what it was all about the hard way .
we should abolish medicare and the va .
i 'll pay back the loans for the education i received , i have no issues with that .
who in the media 's been going " half-cocked " and how did they do it ?
you say youre living at home with your parents .
i don 't really know what is up but i 'm super mad about it .
so the big fish stays big and little guppies cant have shit .
i felt so terrible that i went insane on my thighs and cut them to bits because i can 't bear for anyone else to see them ever again .
it is all about demanding those taxpayer freebies .
thai thaksin supporters plan largest rally since april riots june 27 ( bloomberg ) -- thai anti-government protesters who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizers say will be the largest rally since the army quelled riots by the group in april .
when you open your dish cabinet , and there is only mugs .
why hasn 't the us government done that ( if the affair is fake , taht is .. )
the word threat or threaten was never once spoken by obama .
you think a trillion dollars is puny ?
as a weak country with no big weapons to defend its people ..
if the idea of 9 / 11 complicity is ever to be taken seriously by the masses , people must stop buying into obvious hoaxes and disinformation and focus solely on the true facts .
it wasn 't always easy but it has enriched my son 's life no end .
the separation of the roles of priest and healer of the body started in recent times and in relatively small geocultural areas .
they have not implemented the social stories as advised by the speech therapist so this could have helped him understand .
rupert murdoch inherited his father 's ownership of two newspapers in the u.k. ( australia ) .
moveon , dailykos , msnbc & the dems have a lot more , thanks to a friendly hungarian .
edgar , you may be right - at least in part .
they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost .
about the unemployment bill ?
i had planned none of this , so i had little to share .
i used to watch these guys when i ran the texas rangers ball club .
how about some of your own medicine .
wednesday ’ s decision is likely to please turkey , which has warned that the bill , if enacted , would seriously affect turkish-french ties .
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo .
suicide rates are sky high indicting desperation and sadness .
people who believe that it is a cover up also think the movie " independence day " is a documentary .
i have tough skin and a suspicious heart .
the link would have provided you with another aid too ...
they think that the stop snitchin ' campaign has something to do with it .
seeing a pattern here yet ?
guess , what the lower middle to middle class already cannot afford it .
also i dont see thre being white majority groups in those countries , if anything they are getting smaller .
pedorathist that trained me are from texas and trained at the austin , texas location .
" it is getting hotter , and the icecaps are melting and there is a buildup of carbon dioxide in the air . "
historically there has been hundreds of millions murdered in the name of islam across the world , every year there are hundreds of thousands murdered in the name of islam .
so - if they are at little risk of re-offending - what do we do ?
you have a crystal ball ?
is your health care rationed ?
thousands were literally bawling at his funeral .
a fair enough question , since i was the only white one on board .
it was really weird to see such a thing on fox .
we are the home of tesla motors that only the " sean penns " of the world can afford .
the era that the book covers is the worst era in tory party history so there is bound to be a lot of criticism in there but he is not slagging off the conservative party .
that darn liberal media never goes after liberals ! ! !
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions .
allowing them to set up camp , much like they did in afghanistan to launch attacks accross the world ?
i know that bothers you socialists / progressives , but that 's the way it is .
we will be a third world country before you know it .
sure as hell doesn 't sound safer to me .
i can 't wait for delivery day !
i suggest you spread yourself out .
because he isn 't a leader , he is a perpetual campaigner and chief .
other than that , i 'm afraid there 's not much else you can do .
the obama administration ?
the prime minister is also 14 / 1 to stay on long enough to beat margaret thatcher 's 11-year spell .
still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game ?
but it hurt 100x worse .
so far great shoe even though they cost so much .
this was an accident ...
i am heart sorry for you .
a lot of this revolves around money ( or lack of ) , weddings = money , children = money and houses = money .
why would they go to war over an ideology ?
your exclusionary club of bigotry is about to be infiltrated .
he knew that even though it wasn 't his fault he was in trouble .
wtf are you babbling about ?
returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm .
government or the guys that actually own the business ?
and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities .
it was our day , how we wanted and it was wonderful .
he insisted one of the workers at the dmv give him one and she turned him down and got fired because of that .
i don 't care if my 10-year old boy plays hours and hours of gta ( ok , maybe not too much ) .
everything 's fair game on a public board .
Obama to name Susan Rice as national security adviser
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela 's memory
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication
Carter stars for Crusaders
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers , Russian troops on alert
North Korea shuns offer of talks
04 : 47 Renzi sworn in as Italian premier
Prince Charles ' compares Putin to Hitler'
NATO chief urges restraint in Egypt
Malala , Snowden , Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq
Israeli army resumes Gaza offensive
Nigeria : Militants kill students in college attack
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy
2nd New Zealand-West Indies ODI abandoned
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse , others pulled from rubble
EU offers to help destroy Syria weapons
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
Algerian President Bouteflika in Paris hospital
US pursues al-Qaida leaders in dual Libya , Somalia raids
Why ElBaradei should step aside
Ronaldo 's hat trick sends Portugal to World Cup
Snowden ' given refugee document by Ecuador'
NA President ‚ Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Israel moves forces near border with Gaza
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo
Strong Taiwan quake kills two , injures 21
Israel frees Palestinians as talks gesture
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids
New Italy government to be sworn in
Ukraine ' on verge of civil war'
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
Egypt turmoil deepens ; militants kill 25 policemen
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM
EDL leaders arrested during march to Woolwich
Andhra Pradesh high court asks Telugu actors Mohan Babu , Brahmanandam to return Padma Shri
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
Philippines holds second senator over corruption
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star Paul Walker dies in car crash at 40
Flooding in southern China kills 37
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5 + 1 talks
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
Syrian opposition awaits invitation to Geneva peace talks
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
Pakistan releases American identified as FBI agent
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
Trending news across China on Oct 20
Today in History , Jan. 24
Boston Marathon bombing suspect caught after manhunt
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
Chris Froome Set For Tour De France Win
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
10 dead , five injured in SW China road accident
Signals detected in MH370 search in ' same broad area'
Ceremonial funeral for Margaret Thatcher
Angelina Jolie " very grateful " for support after double mastectomy
Matt Smith quits BBC ‚ Äôs Doctor Who
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests
Rowhani declared winner of Iran presidential election
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments
PPP 's Shehla Raza elected Deputy Speaker of SA
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon 's Tripoli
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
Pakistan fighter jets bomb ' Taliban hideouts'
British tourist killed in Malaysia diving accident
Sisi sworn in as Egypt 's president , cool reception from West
Taiwan 's economy grows 2.27 % in April-June quarter
Bananas thrown at Italy 's first black minister
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack
US writer Homes blocks Mantel ‚ Äôs treble win
Pro football player Aaron Hernandez charged with murder in friend 's shooting death
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13
The Note 's Must-Reads for Monday , November 25 , 2013
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps
Eurozone unemployment at record 12 percent
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Japan 's opposition party chief criticizes Abe 's economic policies
Noise is No. 1 quality of life complaint in NYC
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
Malaysia Airlines plane ' shot down ' in Ukraine
UN chief : ' Fragile but real hope ' at Syria peace talks
Turkish court orders lifting of Twitter ban
Ukraine 's opposition chief wants more protests
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
Defence in South Korea ferry trial warns of scapegoating
Declines in US stock market moderate
11 : 42 Churchill 's last child dies aged 91
Israeli calls to execute Palestinian captives instead of releasing them
Afghanistan gears up for run-off presidential vote
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1 , Injures 10
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday May 24 , 2013
Swiss TV : Police say 44 injured in train collision
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy
Wawrinka defeats injured Nadal to win Australian Open
Pranab to lead team at Mandela ‚ Äôs memorial service
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found
Margaret Thatcher will receive Ceremonial funeral
UN invites Iran to Syria peace talks
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
Pakistan survivor of honour killing attempt fears for her life
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $ 1.4 Million
Latest storm brings more snow to US East Coast
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June
JAL 's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing
Twin blasts rock Boston Marathon
EU , Britain argue over Juncker appointment
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
India Ink : Image of the Day : February 25
Bangladesh braces for violent protests after hanging of opposition leader
Daughter and son-in-law of elderly couple found buried in their back garden are charged with murder
EU extends sanctions against Russia
Cuba sees " major role " for foreign investment
‚ ÄėGlee ‚ Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room
Al-Qaida suspects bomb oil export pipeline in Yemen
Comedy actor Felix Dextor dies aged 52
Lebanon 's PM forms ' unity cabinet ' Lebanon 's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office , taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
Iran has 18,000 centrifuges , 10,000 operating
Iranian president makes debut on world stage
London Marathon runners honour Boston victims
2 killed , multiple wounded in Miami shooting
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests
US , China Set the Stage for Obama-Xi Summit
State Dept. issues wide travel alert , says terror attack possible
Cameron ' has no concerns ' over halal meat
Iran gets first presidential TV debate
Muslim Brotherhood formed ' military wing ' : Egypt
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners
Kenyan troops storm Westgate Mall to end siege
EU condemns terrorist attacks in China
US says DPRK has no nuclear missile capability
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
World 's oldest man dies at 116
GM slow on recalls , Congress record shows
10 killed in Sri Lankan bus accident
Joint Statement by the United States and Ukraine
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
3 bombs explode in southern Thailand , injuring 27
Israel eases ban on building material imports to Gaza
Ariel Castro Pleads Not Guilty
Afghans downplay Taliban threats , continue voting to elect president
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush
BlackBerry open to sale
Beijing 's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak , Islamists
Bartoli wins Wimbledon title , beats Lisicki in 2
Moscow 's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine 's eastern border
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
One dead , 77 hurt in riot at PNG immigration centre
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
Nazi Gestapo chief ' buried in Jewish cemetery'
Roadside Bomb Kills 7 Afghan Soldiers
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Egypt 's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo
Couples tie the knot as same-sex marriage becomes law
Star pupil stabbed to death by gang
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
National Conference on Economy set for end of May 2014
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74
What the Papers Say , June 25 , 2013
Coronation Street 's Bill Roache Arrested
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal
Oscar Pistorius ' accidentally fired bullet in crowded restaurant - then asked friend to take blame'
Mandela ' responding to treatment'
Two arrested in India after lost tourist raped
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
Israeli war jet strikes on northern Gaza
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
Gunmen kill nine foreign tourists , guide in Pakistan
French president meets bidders for industrial jewel Alstom
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD
Six US soldiers killed in aircraft crash in Afghanistan
Suicide truck bomber kills 11 in northern Iraq
News is my Business
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory
Rights lawyers harassed as China hails rule of law
Activists : Syrian airstrike kills 21 in Aleppo
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
Another hole in GPO as PM 's bureau chief steps down
Huge explosion after oil train derails in Canada
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Afghanistan : suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast
China sacks top economic official
Deaths in bombings and shootings across Iraq
N. Korea 's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
George Zimmerman not guilty of boy ‚ Äôs murder
EU , Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town
Israel colonel killed in Jordan Valley
Feds drop ' morning-after pill ' appeal
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
Shooting , protests mar Thai voting
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23
North Korea urges foreigners in South to evacuate
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast
Hollande stands firm to fight terrorism after Niger explosions
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack
Storm buries Northeast ; 16 inches of snow in NJ
Israel ends airstrike case ; Palestinians critical
Diana Nyad completes record swim on fifth try
Bernie 's Sports Focus July 1 2013
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Deadly explosions hit Boston Marathon in US
South Sudan president declares state of emergency in two states
Putin , Merkel Meet on Ukraine Crisis
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
Oil falls below $ 102 on US shutdown notice
41 killed , 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Respected British interviewer David Frost dies of a heart attack
Iran ' thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
Stocks Little Changed in Early Trading
Court to hear Bo Xilai appeal
Jamaican connection in Liverpool 's win
Turkish police fire tear gas on protesters
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
Three dead after NYC building collapse
Netanyahu talks tough on Iran before Vatican talks
Man charged with teacher 's murder new A 22-year-old man will be charged with the murder of a nursery teacher who was gunned down while celebrating her birthday .
International weapons experts leave Syria , Obama to make statement
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Construction site collapse kills 7 in C. China
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 3.00pm
France to shut far-right group ...
Tornado kills five in Oklahoma
Queen visits London soldier attack scene
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels
Chinese court agrees to hear Bo Xilai appeal
N. Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles into sea : Yonhap
Saudi to give Lebanese army $ 3 billion
Ovadia Yosef , rabbi and Israeli kingmaker , dies
US Home Sales Plunged 5.1 Percent in January
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine
Mandela 's condition is now critical
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
Queen to name biggest ever carrier
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
Hamas agrees to 24-hour truce in Gaza
UN stalemate over Syria
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash
Southwest jet hit nose first
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact
US government shutdown begins - live updates
Woman loses arm in Maui shark attack
occupied Palestinian territory : Stop Shooting at Gaza Civilians
French President Hollande condemns Ukraine referendums as ' null and void'
Obama names outspoken Rice as his security adviser
Indian stocks close lower
Former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon dies at 85
India Ink : Image of the Day : February 25
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan
China launches probe and rover to moon
All eyes on Khurshid ‚ Äôs trip ...
Australia cuts rates to record low
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet
Injury puts Brazil 's Neymar out of World Cup
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
Syrian opposition sets Assad 's departure precondition for Geneva talks
15 dead as Egypt police disperse pro-Mursi camps
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
Protesters clash with police in Caracas
U.S. closes embassy in Libya , evacuates staffers
Novice ' steered South Korea ferry'
N Korea postpones family reunions with South
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
Taiwan stocks close 0.56 pct higher
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck , police say
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire
Tropical Storm Fernand forms off Mexico 's coast
China 's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday
Turkish police fight protesters , clear square
France cleared to impose controversial ' millionaire tax'
Iran dissidents ' killed in Iraq'
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
China questions Japan 's revision of pacifist constitution
Nearly nine million people in ' severe debt'
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Actor Mickey Rooney dies aged 93
The new Cold War
Eleven die in clashes in Lebanon 's Tripoli
Brazil in talks to hire 6,000 Cuban doctors
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Driver of crashed Spanish train held on suspicion of negligent homicide
Is Fed ready to begin taper ? Markets say yes
N.Korea cancels family reunions
Scientists grow " mini human brains " from stem cells
Virginia 's ex-Gov . Bob McDonnell , wife charged with corruption
Cuba 's ' Ladies ' to pick up EU prize 8 years late
Boeing 787 Dreamliner fire shuts Heathrow
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident
Afghan official says some 2,000 people missing after landslide buries a northeast village
Snowden Offered Asylum In Three Countries
Israel cabinet approves Palestinian prisoner release
US : Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
Assault on Iraq Funeral , Other Attacks Kill 92
Syrian warplanes reportedly strike in Iraq , killing 57
Nine Dead In Oklahoma City After Tornadoes Hit
Israeli teens missing in West Bank
President mourns death of Mandela
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
Rogers hires Vodafone UK chief Guy Laurence as CEO
EU adds Hezbollah 's military wing on its terrorist list
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut , 7 killed
Israel expands subsidies to settlements
Suicide bomber kills nine police in north Iraq
North , South Korea agree to first reunions
Singapore shares open 0.31 % higher on Monday
SA duo killed in terror attack
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits
Muslim Brotherhood supporter killed in clash in Egypt : security sources
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb , kill 5
Mandela in ‚ Äėserious but stable ‚ Äô condition
Obama , Hollande discuss response to alleged chemical weapons use in Syria
What the Papers Say , Nov. 19 , 2013
Wall Street dips as impasse in budget talks puzzles investors
Deaf customers sue Starbucks , say they 're mocked
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
Air strikes kill 20 civilians in Syria 's Damascus
38 killed in rains , flash floods in Pakistan
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen
Lebanon pins hope in Geneva II conference on Syria
Nadal , Djokovic to meet in French Open semifinals
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks : UN
New uncertainty about missing Malaysian plane
Flight of Boston Marathon bombing suspects ended in mayhem
Libya asks UN Security Council for help
German police foil neo-Nazi model airplane bomb plan
California Wildfire Forces Evacuation Of Homes
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
China stocks close lower on Wednesday
Berlusconi said to pay off ' bunga bunga ' witnesses
US condemns Lebanon blasts
Super typhoon hits Philippines
The Note 's Must-Reads for Monday , December 2 , 2013
Arrest over French soldier 's stabbing
Canada train plot suspects reject charges
Nearly 1,900 killed in Syria during peace talks
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM
North Korea blocks South workers from Kaesong industrial zone
Moon rocks indicate earth 's orb born of collision
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state
Abbas accepts resignation of Palestinian PM
BlackBerry loses US $ 965m in Q2
Colombia strike three times
Pakistan Air Strikes Kill 32 Militants
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma , 1 dead
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane : Ukraine
No argument with Jakarta on boats : Abbott
Nigerian police ban protests over kidnapped girls
GM recalls about 60,000 Saturns to fix gear shifts
2 Children Die on Long Island After Being Pulled From Neighbor ‚ Äôs Pool
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons
Sanford gets his chance to debate Colbert Busch in S.C .
McCain in surprise visit to Afghanistan
Japan PM Abe escapes injury in five-car collision
Egypt 's opposition criticizes president 's speech
Syrian war seen dragging on for years
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
Barack Obama cancels meeting with Vladimir Putin over Edward Snowden
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed
Egypt threatens Brotherhood ban
49 killed , 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Ukraine 's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter
Margaret Thatcher , former U.K. PM , dead at 87
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school
Egypt 's Brotherhood to hold " march of anger "
Building collapse kills 15 in India
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
Nine killed more than 40 injured in multiple bus crash in Germany
2 killed as more storms batter Britain
World powers , Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks
Tymoshenko urges EU to take strong action on Crimea
Germany Summons US Envoy Over Alleged NSA Spying
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
Uneasy calm descends on Turkey square
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion
Aimee Copeland Gets Bionic Hands
Mainland 's Taiwan affairs chief completes
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack
Sailors dead in India submarine blast
Crowds , Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service
Death toll from Baghdad bombs rises to 19
3 Palestinians released from Israeli prisons
Two dead as Egyptians clash ahead of opposition rallies
Children and adults injured in ' very serious ' car crash outside primary school new A number of children were injured after a car overturned near a primary school today .
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis , Palestinians
Leading Egyptian activist turns himself in
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
China manufacturing index at 11-month low : HSBC
Series of bombings kills 15 in Iraq
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack
France to ban child beauty pageants
Today in History , Dec. 2
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James
Three women missing for a decade found alive in Cleveland home
New Zealand botulism scare triggers global recall
In second attack , Pak Taliban attack Karachi airport academy
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Death toll rises to 29 in India 's Mumbai building collapse
Israel responds coolly to outcome of Iranian presidential election
Air strikes kill 20 civilians in Syria 's Damascus
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks
U.S. court : Utah gay marriages can continue
Eurozone 's unemployment climbs to 12.1 % , a fresh record high
Fromer Pakistani army chief Musharraf charged in 2007 Bhutto assassination
World Briefing | The Americas : Brazil : Dispute in Bolivia Spills Over
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field
New Boko Haram video claims to show missing Nigerian schoolgirls
Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
No update on Nelson Mandela 's condition
One dead in US building collapse
Ukraine : Nine people die in Kyiv clashes
Mall attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
Islamists protest US drone strikes in Pakistan
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
Button Hits Back at McLaren Boss
2 dead , 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks
Prince George is christened at St James 's Palace
Monty Python to reunite for new show
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP
EU foreign ministers to discuss how to press Egypt over bloodshed
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead , police say
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties
Egypt poll : 98 per cent vote ' yes ' for new constitution
Iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Quotes from leaders , family at Mandela memorial
China says bird flu death toll rises to 14
China , Israel vow to further deepen cooperation
Bangladesh opposition set for mass march against polls
In surprise visit to Afghanistan , Obama tells troops ' you inspire me'
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids
Hague ' concerns over conduct ' of Zimbabwe election
Hong Kong stocks end higher
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
5 things you need to know Tuesday
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
Egypt Brotherhood Guide Faces New Murders Case
China shares close higher Friday
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
Gunmen ' kill 10 tourists ' in Kashmir
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 Pakistani
Blaze That Killed 19 Firefighters Now Contained
Iran president Rouhani ready for nuclear talks
'Western ' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia
Philippines detains 11 Chinese on fishing charges
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
Israeli general says Syria government forces used chemical weapons
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
Pakistan 's Musharraf lashes out after arrest
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts
At least 11 killed in India building collapse
Prince George christening , meet the godparents
Egypt 's presidential election begins
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself .
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
French soldier stabbed near Paris
Nicaragua , Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit
Italian parliament backs new PM
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet
Suicide bomb kills 4 , injures 13 in Pakistan
Ukraine rebels ' flee eastern stronghold'
Russian military moves in Crimea are declaration of war , says Ukrainian PM
Super Typhoon Haiyan , Strongest of Season , Slams the Philippines
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
China to investigate EU wine exports
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday
Bangladesh Building Collapse Death Toll Hits 362
Nelson Mandela hospitalized in serious condition with lung infection
Ariel Sharon in critical condition
Berlusconi party ministers ' announcement of resignation throws Italy into political crisis
Conan O 'Brien at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner
Next Iran nuclear talks due on June 16-20-IRNA
One killed as more than a million protest in Brazil
Boston bomb suspect charged ; religious motive seen
EU condemns violence in Iraq
Asian markets mixed on China trade data
World 's oldest person dies in Japan at 116
Foreign exchange rates in India
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
Cypriot Finance Minister Michalis Sarris resigns
Heartbreaking transcript reveals indecision as South Korea ferry sank
Death toll in India temple stampede rises to 109
Man sets himself on fire at Washington 's National Mall
Two killed in Karachi blast
Putin submits federal constitutional law on Crimea ‚ Äôs integration into Russia to State Duma
Global progress seen in ending death penalty
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
President Xi mourns Mandela
US , Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban
Suspect arrested in attack on French soldier
Mainland 's Taiwan affairs chief meets Taipei mayor
US ' deeply disturbed ' by Chinese activist death
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict ( January 22 ‚ Äď 28 , 2014 )
Most victims of fiery bus crash identified
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
US awaits high court judgment on gay marriage
'It 's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying
Chinese stocks open higher - Apr 2
05 : 26 Bo Xilai convicted of corruption
Iran 's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack
Kerry in Indonesia to Talk Climate Change
Iran ' will never build nuclear arms'
Russia warns of catastrophe if Syria reactor hit by U.S. strike
Gunmen Surround Libya 's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633
Uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
US , Russia to push for new Syria peace talks
G7 ' to intensify Russia sanctions'
Drone Strikes a Seminary in Pakistan
Rock bands ' plane makes emergency landing in Ill .
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
Egypt 's Brotherhood loses grip as anger boils
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit
Ship hunting for more pings in missing Malaysian plane search
All gunmen in attack on Afghan presidential palace killed
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan : CENC
Scores dead in fresh Egypt clashes
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China
Palestinians Remember Mandela as an Inspiration
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153
Israel , Palestinians seek another meeting Monday : U.S. official
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon 's Tripoli
Pit Bull Dog Kills Baby Girl In Blackburn
Roma couple in court over ‚ Äėblonde girl ‚ Äô
China vows to step up fight against Dalai Lama
Pakistan air strikes in North Waziristan ' kill 80 militants'
Seamus Heaney , Irish Poet of Soil and Strife , Dies at 74
Egypt backs away from plan to dissolve Muslim Brotherhood
KL shares easier mid-afternoon
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
Japanese prime minister angers neighbours with offering to WW2 shrine
Iraqi Forces , Militants Battle for Oil Refinery
Thousands protest against austerity budget in Portugal new
World Cup live blog : Brazil vs. Germany
Israeli airstrikes shake Gaza while Hamas persists with rocket attacks - video
America 's first marijuana stores open in Colorado
Channel tragedy as fundraising swimmer dies a mile from French coast A woman who died while attempting to swim the English Channel for charity collapsed just one mile from the French coast .
4 Dead After Cambodian Police Fire on Protesters
India accuses China of crossing de facto border
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for ' apostasy'
US top diplomat Kerry 's wife rushed to hospital
Conservatives sweep to Australia election victory
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran 's presidential election
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
Kerry pursuing ' quiet strategy ' in Mideast peace process
Twin blasts rock Boston Marathon
Woman remanded over child 's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats .
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
Stocks close higher as service sector improves
Egyptian court considers Mubarak ‚ Äôs release
Suicide bomber kills eight , wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police
Israel not to release Palestinian prisoners
Highlights of US-Russia deal on Syria weapons
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue
Strong winter storm hits U.S. Northeast
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa
Survivor Could See Runway Through Hole in Tail
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire
European Central Bank keeps rates unchanged
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army
Kim Jong-un Executed His ' Worse Than a Dog ' Uncle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan
Chinese shares close lower Monday
Mandela remains in hospital
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial
Georgian PM 's ally to become president - exit poll
Egypt votes on new constitution
World news briefs ‚ ÄĒ June 14
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane
66 missing after boat sinks off Malaysia
Seven bomb blasts kill 27 people in Iraqi capital Baghdad
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons
India Ink : Image of the Day : May 21
Storm chasers die in Oklahoma tornado
Viewpoints : Arming the Syrian rebels
IMF cuts world growth forecast for 2013 , 2014
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
Obama condemns Egypt violence , cancels military exercises
5 Dead in India Building Collapse
Russia says detects missiles fired from Mediterranean Sea
Mickey Arthur fired as Australia coach
MH17 black boxes arrive in Britain for analysis
Islamist students clash with police at Cairo 's Al-Azhar University
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India
Prince 's christening a blend of old and new
What the Papers Say , May 20 , 2013
China yuan weakens to 6.1651 against USD Tuesday
Australia rejects Qantas ' request for $ 2.7 bn loan
Malaysian investigators conclude flight hijacked
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
Egypt convicts 26 over Suez Canal terror plot
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
Kerry : Saudi King backs Israeli-Palestinian push
Putin foe Navalny defiant as trial opens in Russia
Egypt : Muslim Brotherhood calls for ' uprising'
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday , December 6 , 2013
U.S. , allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital
US Issues Travel Alert Over Al Qaeda Threat
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent
Taliban attack presidential palace in Afghanistan
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council
Southern Italy Coach Crash Kills 38
Algerian president in France for medical tests
3 killed , 10 inured in attack on Kenyan church
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution
5 snowboarders killed in Colo. avalanche identified
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Didier Reynders on Syria
Google begins launching Internet-beaming balloons
North Korea : experts call for dialogue ‚ Äď and say China must play a part
China stocks open higher Monday
Obama postpones Malaysian visit to address government shutdown
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia ‚ Äôs X series unveiled
Cannes hotel raid nets ‚ ā ¨ 40 million gems
Ukraine opposition urges continued truce
Pro-Russian protesters storm new police station in east Ukraine
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO
Chinese stocks open higher Monday
Mandela back in hospital in ‚ Äėserious but stable ‚ Äô condition
24 killed 77 wounded in Iraq mosque bombing
East Harlem explosion death toll rises
Search resumes for Malaysia jet
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚ Äď live !
Indonesians burn Australian flags over spying reports
Business news and markets : as it happened , April 17 , 2013
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack
Ariel Sharon , former Israeli prime minister , dies following eight-year coma
China preparing for Diaoyutai conflict : expert
Israel cabinet votes on Palestinian prisoner release
San Diego Mayor Bob Filner 's accusers
Germany to sign G20 statement on Syria
Iran , world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
36 militants killed in Afghan raids
10 Things to Know-Today
Oscar Pistorius trial : Adjourns until Tuesday
Ukraine talks continue amid growing unrest
Israel Could Free Palestinian Prisoners Next Week
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
Protesters clash with police in Turkey
Coronation Street actor Michael Le Vell cleared of child rape claims
Workers killed in India building collapse
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
Bursa Malaysia update : 11.30am
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
Libyan prime minister seized by armed men
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Google launches Internet-beaming balloons
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $ 1.1 billion cash
India starts voting in world 's largest election
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
Bangladesh police arrest prominent atheist blogger
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday
Philippines , rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
Texas senator still filibustering abortion bill
UK 's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87
Turkish leaders call for int 'l intervention in Egypt
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers
Pro-Russian protesters storm new police station in east Ukraine
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
At least 12 dead in Washington ...
ICC Champions Trophy : India vs South Africa
Pope Francis to make first visit to Holy Land
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30
Suicide bomber kills 15 in central Somalia
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
South Africa 's Mandela taken to hospital
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
Stuntman prepares to cross Grand Canyon on tightrope
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash
Three killed , 21 injured in two road mishaps
UK 's Cameron seriously concerned by Gibraltar / Spain row
Winter Storm Ion : State-By-State ...
Main candidates in Afghanistan 's presidential election
Car bombs kill nine in Baghdad province
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Rebels likely downed Malaysian jet ' by mistake ' - U.S. officials
Pacquiao leaves for Samar to help typhoon victims
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad 's Christian areas
China sets Bo Xilai trial date
UN launches US $ 300 mil. appeal for Philippines
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan
Violent Tornadoes Hit Oklahoma City , St. Louis ...
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany
Obama 's Tarnished Health Care Law at a Crossroads
Egypt military ousts President Morsi
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Obama to sign up for Obamacare
15 dead in Iraq attacks , bomb at football pitch
Obama warns of new Russia sanctions
Syria conference to open in Montreux , continue in Geneva
General Electric posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
Nigerian leader orders push to free abducted schoolgirls
10 Things to Know : This Week 's Takeaways
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD
Israeli authorities hand out demolition orders in East Jerusalem
12 migrants drown off Greek island , gov 't calls for EU action
Putin opens Paralympics as protest staged
Israel ' bombs ' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
US soldier released by Taliban in prisoner swap
'Trayvon could have been me'
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence
Louis Zamperini , ' Unbroken ' World War II hero , Olympian , dies at 97
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
Bank of England keeps interest rates on hold
US , Russia enter third day of Syria talks
North Korea claims ‚ Äėbreakthrough ‚ Äô guided missile
Kerry 's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates
Police : Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
Microsoft finally unveils Office for Apple 's iPad
Turkish police fire tear gas on protesters
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris , Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria
Egypt Mubarak ordered under house arrest if freed
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal , investments during Japan visit
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela
At least six dead in US shooting rampage
Margaret Thatcher : Kinnock To Miss Funeral
Prince William addresses Australian parliament video
Two hurt in Bangkok shooting
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence
At Least 14 Killed in Baghdad Bombings
Israel downs drone from Lebanon
'One unaccounted for ' in San Francisco plane crash
European stocks slide on tension over Syria
Iran official : US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks
Everest avalanche kills six sherpas
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
Rupert Murdoch divorces third wife
Australia cuts rates to record low
NATO : 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan
Interim Libyan prime minister to step down
MEP candidate killed in Kabul blast
Conmen dressed as women steal cash
Sisi sworn in as Egypt 's president , cool reception from West
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell
Russia drops charges against Greenpeace activists
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory fire ' kills 8'
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Syria opposition votes to join peace talks
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
Video shows Kenya jihadis casually killing in mall
Ukraine hosts ‚ Äėunity talks ‚ Äô
Death toll rises in Dhaka building collapse
Gov 'ts , groups pledge millions for typhoon relief
Senior official investigated over suspected disciplinary violations
Pakistan power crisis looms large over polls
China HSBC manufacturing PMI hits seven-month low in February
Lebanon Clashes Rage Overnight ; 12 Soldiers Dead
Mother-of-two , 25 , found dead in her home by ex-boyfriend as police launch murder inquiry
Greece suspends state broadcaster
Pakistan 's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
10 Things to Know for Today
Trial Date Set for Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
Developing nations : Qatar insists on World Cup promise
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
Red panda ‚ Äôs short-lived zoo escape
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Syrian mortars land in Golan , Israel retaliates
Toyota , Honda , Nissan and Mazda recall 3 million Japanese cars after airbag fault
Many dead in India hotel building collapse
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales
Somalia gang rape victim speaks out
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed
6.3-magnitude quake hits Kepulauan Barat Daya , Indonesia -- USGS
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Iran , six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Fatalities after Texas fertiliser plant blast
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
Mourinho blames Moyes for Rooney saga
Quotes from leaders , family at Mandela memorial
Mumbai Indians puts T & T in its place
China stock index futures close higher Wednesday
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
China quake : Death toll rises
What the Papers Say , Nov. 20 , 2013
3 killed , 6 injured in Afghan blasts
2 Turkish pilots abducted in Lebanon
Amazon launches new device for streaming video
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
Strong earthquake hits Papau New Guinea
Israel 's ex-PM Ariel Sharon dies
China urges Japan to respect regional security concerns
Obama nominates new transportation secretary
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD
Huge tornado kills at least 51 in Oklahoma City
Rock-throwers cause damage to Israeli cars near Bethlehem
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy
US , Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel
Lebanese rivals groups edge closer to deal over premiership
Five people jailed over Costa Concordia disaster
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex
Deal on Iran nuclear drive from Jan 20
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach
US makes case for action against Syria
France provides image of possible debris
Four killed in Baghdad car bomb
Ankara protesters clash with police
Alibaba files for IPO in US
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea
49 killed , 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Iraq Holds First Election Since US Pullout
Iran , sextet to resume expert talks
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation
U.S. steps up support for Syrian opposition
Bangladesh collapse search over ; death toll 1,127
Gunmen abduct Iran embassy employee in Yemen
Chinese , Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis
Bernanke comments keep markets on steady rise
Bomb in southern Afghan city kills at least 5
Assad warns Turkey of ' heavy price ' for backing Syrian rebels
Afghan president to soon visit Pakistan
Indian stocks close lower
Iran nuclear impasse to dominate IAEA board meeting
19 killed , 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Indian rape accused face verdicts
Syrian Opposition Mulls Participation in Peace Talks
Poll : Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate
Car bomb kills at least 30 north of Syrian capital
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
Snowden sees ' no chance ' for US fair trial
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision
New Orleans police arrest second suspect in Mother 's Day parade shooting
Blast on Indian train kills one
Hong Kong stocks open higher
Queen visits Britain 's new prince
Egypt ‚ Äôs Sisi poised to announce presidency bid
Microsoft earnings hurt by Nokia acquisition
Biden warns ' it 's time for Russia to stop talking and start acting ' in Ukraine
US to deploy Patriots , F-16s to Jordan
Ukraine : Three Killed In Parliament Protests
Chinese president meets UN chief
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt violence
Saudi pushes UN resolution on Syria abuse
Tunisia suspended from Davis Cup for shunning Israeli tennis player
Egypt says Brotherhood leader in good health in jail
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry
Fallen US firefighters brought home
Egypt court acquits 169 Brotherhood supporters
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
Aung San Suu Kyi makes presidential push
UK vote rejects military action
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
Desmond Tutu pays final respects to Mandela
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
South Korea proposes talks with North
Venezuelan president to visit China
Five jailed over Costa Concordia shipwreck disaster
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands
NATO soldier killed in Taliban attack
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith
Senior official investigated over suspected disciplinary violations
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9 / 11 threats
Army , government at loggerheads over Taliban talks
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood 's top leader
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday May 24 , 2013
Solar plane lands in Washington on US tour
Pro-Russian rebels shoot down Ukrainian plane , 49 killed
Spain 's new king Felipe VI sworn in in muted ceremony
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners over Kerry talks
U.S. soldier free after almost five years captivity in Afghanistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
Britain 's Prince Philip set for ' exploratory ' surgery
Japan starts hearing on sales tax , ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers , one civilian
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Stones add second Hyde Park concert
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
North Korea urges US to take ' real actions'
New Australian PM Tony Abbott on his bike awaiting final vote count
What the Papers Say , Aug. 19 , 2013
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane bound for Beijing ‚ Äď live
US consumers boost spending 0.2 pct. last month
Scorpions drummer in Dubai jail for ' insulting Islam'
5 nations meet on haze
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
U.S. to release info about Syria ‚ Äôs chemical weapons use
Pakistan troops move against Taliban
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
Toronto mayor Rob Ford in extraordinary crack cocaine confession
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu , Japan : CENC
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital
Foreign companies eye new ' opening-up'
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
Senior Taliban leader arrested in S. Afghan operation
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three , to rise
Diana Nyad making progress on Cuba to Florida swim
US sends military advisers to Iraq
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage
North Korea fires 18 rockets into Sea of Japan
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK
Syrian opposition to meet over peace talks
Israel 's Peres urges return to peace talks
Australia to lead southern search for MH370
British leader loses vote on Syria response
China yuan weakens to 6.1651 against USD Tuesday
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
Nineteen wounded in shootings at Mother ‚ Äôs Day parade in New Orleans
Thai protesters disrupt early voting for disputed election
Israeli forces detain 18 , injure Bethlehem teen
Radio : Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi 's supporters reject plan
Austrians Vote in General Election
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens
Demonstrator 's death stirs protests in Turkey
Explosion in a Muslim Brotherhood leader 's farm in Egypt kills 4
Syrian rebels target military airports
Men tried to behead soldier on London street , court hears
Toronto mayor Rob Ford in extraordinary crack cocaine confession
China quake leaves dozens dead
Woman arrested in connection with damage of sculpture at Changi Airport
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
Kerry Returns to Vietnam 's Mekong Delta as Top U.S. Diplomat
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite
Three dead , 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Syrian opposition to meet over peace talks
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
India Ink : Image of the Day : July 2
Boeing 777 plane crash-lands at San Francisco airport
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden offered asylum in Venezuela
Nigerian military claims killing of top extremist
UN passes global arms trade treaty
Israeli army kills Palestinian in Ramallah
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Iraq cafe
Pakistan condemns US drone strikes
SC 's ex-Gov . Sanford wins runoff , will face Colbert Busch
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya 's Benghazi , no casualties
Nelson Mandela remains in critical condition
Eight Killed in Iraq Violence
Court overturns murder conviction of former FBI agent linked to mobster
51 killed , 191 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China
Aust shares edge higher
White House on offensive to thwart Iran sanctions
Ukraine ‚ Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
Death toll rises to 51 in Latvian supermarket collapse
Bearded Drag Queen Wins Eurovision Song Contest
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners as deal to resume peace talks emerges
Obama calls for calm after Zimmerman acquittal in Martin case
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
Firefighters battle raging California wildfire
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ
Brazilians throng streets to greet pope
Four civilians , three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Pressure rises on White House over Benghazi
One killed , 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
China eases one-child policy
Early vote count in Iran gives reformer wide lead
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24 %
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Shankill blast victims to be remembered
Afghan landslide toll 2,000 , site may become massive grave
Typhoon Haiyan kills 1,774 in Philippines
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria
Iranian , Afghan ministers confer
North Korea fires missiles as U.S. , Japan , South Korea leaders meet
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada
Egypt announces end to state of emergency
Nigerian gunmen kill groom , 30 others in wedding convoy
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
Pyongyang proposes weekend talks with Seoul
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
Palestinian diplomat hurt in blast
Five dead , 40 missing in Canada train disaster
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE
World ‚ Äôs largest building opened in west China
Fire At Immigration Detention Centre
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation : conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances , particularly over Palestine
Singapore stocks close 0.7 pct higher
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
Hong Kong set for democracy march
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Tehran-London ties to improve , Afkham
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad
Up to 19 firefighters missing in Arizona
Poverty stats doubt Modi 's development claims
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine
Georgians vote for new president
Facts about North Korea 's Musudan missile
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S. , officials confirm
On War Criminals and Heroes : The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ
Obama to meet with China ‚ Äôs Xi in California June 7-8
EU declares Hezbollah 's military wing terror group
Rogers , Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
US drone strike ' kills 4 militants in Pakistan'
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash
What the Papers Say , June 25 , 2013
Wing walker , pilot die in biplane crash at Ohio air show
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers , Russian troops on alert
Two French journalists killed in Mali
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home
Asian shares higher on Fed signs
Letter with ricin sent to senator
California governor declares drought emergency
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months : Israel official
17 : 02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD
Two dead , more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a ' final ' peace deal after positive talks
Man United Says Moyes Leaves as Manager
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia
Tropical Storm Barry forms off Mexico 's coast , bringing heavy rain as it heads toward Veracruz
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment
4 killed , 6 injured in attacks in Iraq
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons
US diplomat killed in Afghanistan wanted to help
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
Iran ‚ Äôs Rouhani admits chemical weapons killed people in Syria
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage
Blast near Iranian consulate in Peshawar kills one
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Texas Won 't Switch Execution Drug
Twitter shares rocket at opening
Pakistan ‚ Äôs Musharraf granted bail
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 11.30am
Super typhoon hits Taiwan , Philippines
Scores dead , 1,000 injured in China earthquake
China reports 5 new H7N9 cases , 33 total
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September
Suicide Bomber Kills 15 in Northern Iraq
Rudd sworn in as Australian PM
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week
Yemen officials : US drone kills 2 militants
Indian sub sinks with 18 on board
Susan Boyle reveals she has Asperger ‚ Äôs
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
Israel calls Iran nuclear deal ' historic mistake'
Chinese stocks open lower Thursday
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants
China ‚ Äėwill protect interests ‚ Äô of foreign business
Death toll ' rises to 17 ' after typhoon strikes Japan
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Silvio Berlusconi 's tax fraud conviction upheld
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia
Obama says Korean War veterans ‚ Äėdeserved better ‚ Äô
6 policemen killed in gunmen attack in northern Iraq
North Korea 's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
Russia offers assurances on Syrian chemical weapons removal
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit , nuclear summit
NATO soldier killed in Taliban attack
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Gunmen kill nine foreign tourists , guide in Pakistan
Rudd sworn in as Australia 's new prime minister
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Stocks rise in early trading
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial
Brazil Buzzing With Anticipation for Pope Francis
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
Egypt police fail to start operation to disperse pro-Mursi camps
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 600 : army
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Ukraine 's Tymoshenko urges protesters to carry on
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
Five charged with terrorism offences
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016
US , NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again
Teen survives flight across Pacific in plane wheel well
Rahul compares Modi with Hitler
Arsenal stars poised to wear T-shirts in support Pat Rice 's fight against cancer
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 11.30am
27 dead , 22 injured in Afghanistan coal mine collapse
India 's election campaign enters final day
46 nurses from India freed in Iraq return home
Sisi to run for Egyptian president
Abdullah Abdullah widens lead in Afghan presidential vote
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict
Flight of Boston Marathon bombing suspects ended in mayhem
Taiwan stocks close 1.11 pct lower
Three Israeli teens missing in West Bank
6 dead , 26 hurt in Philippines bomb blast
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties
Gunmen assassinate Libyan deputy industry minister
Quotations in the News
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
US drone strike ' kills 4 militants in Pakistan'
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days
Bone fragment ' could be King Alfred'
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners
Thai government says elections Feb. 2
Ukraine revokes anti-protest law , PM resigns
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump
Quake shakes northeastern Japan , no tsunami risk
UK 's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87
German Parliament approves Cyprus aid package
'Iron Man ' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
France Says Won 't ' Shirk Responsibilities ' in Syria
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video , no arrest
'Hundreds missing ' as landslide hits Afghan villages
Abdullah ahead in Afghanistan election race
China 's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US
Ukraine acting president calls emergency meeting of ...
China stocks open lower Friday
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims ‚ Äď video
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Gunmen Surround Libya 's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
Man held after teen shot in Belfast
Flight 370 search area shifts as satellite sightings raise hope
China 's Q2 GDP growth slows to 7.5 pct
Police stop Maldives presidential election
Kerry to Join Iran Nuclear Talks amid Hopes of Deal
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir
N Korea postpones family reunions
Quick crossword - Friday 31st May
Neymar sends Brazil into Confed Cup semis
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
WTO reaches first trade reform deal
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
Turkey president appeals for calm
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
U.S. Senate drafts resolution for military strike against Syria
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire
Doha gas blast kills 12 , injures dozens
Polar bear DNA ' may help fight obesity'
42 killed , 63 wounded in violence in Iraq
Junta expects next Thai elections in Oct 2015
At least 350 dead as landslide hits Afghan villages
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
India Ink : Image of the Day : April 21
Bachelet Seen Winning Chile Presidential Runoff
Up to 21 , mostly foreigners , killed in Kabul suicide attack
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
Chemical weapons team kidnapped in Syria , reports claim
Hushen 300 Index closes higher Wednesday
Two French journalists killed in Mali
Air strike kills one man in Syria 's Hama
Morsi , army ready for showdown in ' final hours'
Iran needs more nuclear power plants
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Chinese shares close higher Friday
Turkish PM , president clash over reply to protests
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Mandela
China rushes relief after Sichuan quake kills 180
Chemical Arms Team to Begin Talks With Syria
Russia says Syria to ship chemical arms as civilians flee bombs
Wave of bombings , shootings kill 38 in Iraq
China 's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
Five Killed in Muslim-Christian Clashes in Egypt
Tony Blair rejects ' bizarre ' claims that invasion of Iraq caused the crisis
Four killed in oil industry helicopter crash off Scotland
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
India Minister 's wife died ' unnatural death ' after affair rumours
China surpasses US as world 's largest trading nation
Erdogan criticizes court ruling after lifting Twitter ban
3 dead , 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel
Egypt postpones dispersing pro-Morsi camps
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal
5 killed in S China road cave-in
South Africa president : Mandela is improving
World News Update , what you need to know
Syrian civil war in photos
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq
Myanmar orders Doctors without Borders to suspend all activities in the country
US Military Plane Crashes in Kyrgyzstan
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Israel approves release of 104 Palestinian prisoners
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
China launches longest-ever manned space mission
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan
Arias jury deadlocked on death penalty
Today in History , Jan. 24
Desmond Tutu says he will attend Mandela funeral
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
Imran blames rival for colleague murder
Venezuelan opposition leader sought
California Chrome wins Preakness ; one victory from Triple Crown
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
Police use water cannon as India gang-rape protest turns violent
Egypt changes venue for trial of ousted president
Police say one suspect in Boston Marathon bombing dead , one at large
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria , 12 killed
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460 : UN
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Third victim of Santa Barbara shooting identified
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters
Shanghai stock indices close mixed -- Nov. 11
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq
Strong quake strikes off central Java , Indonesia
World 's oldest person , and oldest man ever , dies at 116
Saudi Arabia refuses UN security council seat
Twin suicide bombings hit Iraq camp
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc
US military presence in East Asia
Deaths rise in Israeli air strikes on Gaza
Police fire tear gas at pro-Morsy protesters
Group : 7 Palestinians killed in Syria
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
At least 6 dead in Canada bus , train crash
Del Bosque includes injured Diego Costa in Spain ‚ Äôs World Cup squad
Chinese president meets Greek PM , calling for stronger partnership
AstraZeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic
Boston bombing suspect remains in hospital
Indian stocks open lower
India , US to hold talks on China next week
6.6-magnitude quake hits South Atlantic Ocean -- USGS
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal
Ehud Olmert , former Israeli prime minister , sentenced to six years in jail for corruption
Amazon 's Bezos rescued by Ecuadorian Navy
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress
occupied Palestinian territory : The EU , the Netherlands and Sweden contribute ‚ ā ¨ 18.9 million to the Palestinian Authority 's payment of June salaries and pensions
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum
Syria peace talks in jeopardy
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics
China yuan advances to 6.2035 against USD Tuesday
China stocks open lower on Wednesday
US delays missile test as tensions rise
Fire in Beijing kills 10
Nigeria Offers $ 300,000 Reward for Information on Abducted Girls
Maldives vice president resigns as polls get mired
World 's oldest man dies at 116
Classic crossword - Friday 31st May
Israel launches airstrikes in Gaza after rocket attacks
Vybz Kartel found guilty of murder
India , China ink border pact ; 8 other agreements
Drone strike in Hangu kills 8 , injures 5
Global chemical watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize
Syrian regime ' using chemical weapons on a small scale'
3 dead , 4 missing in central China construction accident
Pakistanis vote in landmark election
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats
Boeing 777 crashes while landing at San Francisco airport ; 2 dead ; scores injured
Microsoft launches Office for iPad
Heavy smog hits north China city , flights cancelled
William More Popular Than The Queen - Poll
India braces itself as ' super cyclone ' heads for east coast
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
Egypt 's bruised Islamists protest after bloody week
Syrian chemical arms destruction begins
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
Sevens World Cup within Kenya ‚ Äôs reach
US , China fail to paper over cracks in ties
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
Winter weather hits Thanksgiving travellers
Did Zeppelin rip off Stairway to Heaven ?
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal
George W. Bush Undergoes Heart Procedure
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection : U.S. judge
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke : state media
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
Abe 's shrine visit draws wide condemnation , criticism
01 : 12 Fan dies after Scotland rugby match
Gap joins Bangladesh safety accord
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday
World Cup live : France 0-0 Germany
Egyptian security forces kill 30 protesters : Brotherhood
Tokyo to host 2020 Games
Firefighters unaccounted for battling Ariz. blaze
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv
Modi condoles the people who died in Mumbai stampede
Mandela remains in critical but stable condition : Zuma
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence
Brazil Leader Breaks Silence About Protests
Death toll rises in Dhaka building collapse
China demands answers from US over spying claims
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese , Philippine accusations over South China Sea
Thai opposition party to boycott general election
Four more people arrested over Australia 's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate
9 Killed in Attack on Indian Consulate in Afghanistan
Yemen : Fighting in north kills over 120
Obama moves to fill Fed board , taps Fischer to be No. 2
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
Pakistan 's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder
Iran 's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
A society fraying at the edges
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference
Italy bus crash death toll rises
UN retracts Iran invitation to Syria talks
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel
Iran FM confers with Iraqi acting president
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines
Newspapers Review : Abbas ‚ Äô Speech focus of Dailies
Israel : Syria must be stripped of chemical weapons
Palestinian hunger striker , Israel reach deal
Malaysian cop killed , another kidnapped in Sabah
Final death toll in Mumbai building collapse is 60
Crimea parliament votes to join Russia
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution
Crimean parliament formally applies to join Russia
Morsi Supporters Urged to Abandon Sit-ins
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response
'Rapid inspection ' of flood defences
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval
Small dog chews on a big stick .
A tennis player hitting the ball .
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball .
a bird lands in the water .
a group of young men sing out together .
A group of men play rugby .
Three children stand on or near a fence .
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth .
Two dogs ankle-deep in water .
a boat floats in the water .
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth , field and building .
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms .
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool .
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill .
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth .
The dogs are running through the water
A white and brown dog rolls on it 's back in the sand .
A dog runs through the grass .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A black and brown dog runs through the woods .
Brown and white dog playing in the grass .
The two dogs are running on the grass .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs .
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip .
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack .
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting .
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence .
A young girl holds up a peace sign .
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water .
A man crouching and holding a camera .
Two dogs run through mud .
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path .
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow .
A dog swims through the water .
A brown and white dog running on grass .
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air .
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy .
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum .
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin .
A brown dog laying on a blue cover .
The two boys play in the field .
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth .
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar .
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone .
A group of people standing in the street
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk .
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape .
People and camels at a beach .
A dog runs on brown grass .
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock .
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it .
A black and white dog running in a snowy park .
The two dogs are running through the grass .
Two dogs running through sand .
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
A man eating an apple , sitting in public .
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed .
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him .
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Four boys sit in the mud .
two young girls hug each other in the grass .
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow .
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
A bird flies across the water .
Three dogs running in a field of grass .
A dog is running through a pond
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard .
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog .
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose .
A brown dog is running on a rock .
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
A woman skiing down a snowy hill .
A man and a woman watch two dogs .
A man sits by a dock looking at the water .
A young girl going down a tube slide .
A large black dog runs along the green grass .
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose .
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike .
A dalmation is running along the beach .
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble .
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain .
A group of people are wearing bunny ears .
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers .
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children .
A dog in a " superman " shirt sleeps on a blanket .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow .
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it 's mouth .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
A baby reaching into a water fountain .
Two black dogs run through a field .
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee .
A young girl , in an orange dress , holding a tennis racket .
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water .
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard .
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags .
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
A young boy leaps from one couch to another .
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow .
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path .
A child rides a wooden horse .
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
A dog jumps on a lawn .
Two bull dogs playing on the floor .
Two dogs are running through a grassy area .
Kids playing ball in the park .
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera .
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen .
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow .
A man is swinging on a rope above the water .
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road .
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs .
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence .
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf .
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain .
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
A woman does a handstand on the beach .
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer .
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck .
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline .
Smiling man with reflective classes .
five people standing on a sidewalk
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide .
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill .
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain .
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
The child has a necklace on and is in the water .
The white dog runs across the snow .
A group of football players running down the field .
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella .
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow .
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow .
Two boys are running around a field .
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall .
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp .
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people .
A man picking up a big rock .
A white and brown dog is running over grass .
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd .
The dog is running through a field .
A black and white dog is jumping into the water .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk .
A man wearing a t-shirt that says " Gigolo " stands at the counter talking to someone .
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest .
Two large dogs running in some grass .
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
A dog is running through tall grass .
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand .
A young boy jumping into a lake .
A little boy , in a camouflage jacket , looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks .
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area .
a surfer rides up the wave .
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach .
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach .
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival .
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path .
Two people and a dog are in the snow .
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth .
A man is standing in water near a waterfall .
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
A man and a woman on a bench .
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom .
A greyhound jumps over a chain .
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water .
The man is jumping into the water .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand .
A child is jumping into a swimming pool .
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball .
Man and child skiing .
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field .
A little boy jumping from one chair to another .
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps .
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet .
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end .
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume .
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera .
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign .
A black poodle plays in the snow .
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers .
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches .
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Two small dogs run through the grass .
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game .
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock .
The kids ride a boat in the water .
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt .
A large white bird swoops over water .
A man takes photos on the water 's edge .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline .
A small child slides down a purple slide .
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street .
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball .
A black dog walks through some water .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool .
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
A deer jumps a fence .
the black dog carries an object in the snow .
a man dressed in a batman costume .
A little girl holds a wooden stick .
A black dog jumps through the water .
A group of people in front of a red fire truck .
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background .
a boy jumps into the blue pool water .
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow .
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor .
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water .
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods .
A woman and a dog standing in the grass .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis .
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field .
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp .
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch .
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean .
A black dog running through water .
Children jumping on a trampoline .
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field .
A child playing on a playground play set .
A man practicing boxing
two woman looking into a glass case .
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter .
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
A dog runs through the grass .
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier .
A skier speeds through the snow .
Two people are playing golf on a golf course .
A boy and a girl playing on the beach .
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it 's mouth .
A girl wearing a brown cap , red sneakers , and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench .
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs running on grass .
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water .
A dog leaps over a barrier .
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball .
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal .
A girl , in a black shirt and hot pink pants , is about to hit a tennis ball on the court .
A softball player swinging at a pitch .
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow .
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp .
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball .
A man is kite surfing away from the camera .
Two young women sit by a fountain .
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court .
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance .
The brown dog is running on the grass .
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
Two people sit on the end of a dock .
A child cavorts on the road .
A black dog runs through a muddy bank .
Two dogs in a yard .
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth .
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area .
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope .
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A boy and a dog running on grass
a dog runs across the grass .
A small white dog running across a lawn .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
A dog racing on a track .
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass .
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors .
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella .
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line .
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture .
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field .
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash .
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy .
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball .
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A brown dog walks in the grass with it 's tongue hanging out .
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
Two dogs running in a field .
A black dog and a tan dog fighting .
A little brown dog is running on the grass .
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers .
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool .
A bike rider on a ramp .
two big brown dogs running through the snow .
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms .
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy .
Two dogs swimming in a pool .
A skateboarder sliding on a rail .
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal .
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass .
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation .
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow .
A black dog is running in the grass .
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera .
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park .
A young girl on Rollerblades .
The large brown dog is running through shallow water .
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball .
Two dogs playing on the beach .
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field .
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert .
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue .
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground .
A light-colored dog runs on the beach .
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar .
A girl in orange lights a candle .
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass .
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy .
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan .
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee .
A dog shaking off water .
The dog is playing in the water .
Young boys running along the pavement .
A young child slides down an orange slide .
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
A boy goes down an inflatable slide .
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper .
A man with his bike amid a demolished building .
A black and white dog swimming in clear water .
Two racing dogs run in the mud .
A bird with it 's wings spread
Two black and white dogs run across a green field .
A young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
A dog catching a ball .
Black and white dog running through water .
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A dog is running toward the camera .
Three dogs running in the dirt .
a boy swinging on a swing .
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen .
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together .
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other .
two dogs running in the snow
A golden dog is running through the snow .
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee .
A skateboarder on a city street .
Four children on stools in a diner .
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Two large dogs are running together through the grass .
A brown dog is running in the grass .
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out .
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field .
Two boys playing a game of flag football .
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow .
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket .
The man in the backpack looks to his left .
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art .
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow .
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water .
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open .
A small dog runs through an obstacle course .
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond .
A girl bounces in a bounce house .
A brown dog swimming in murky water .
A brown dog running through the woods .
A group of people are standing by a window watching something .
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch .
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition .
Three people racing on ice skates .
A large brown dog is walking along side a river .
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other .
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show .
a boy falls off his red bike .
Two men on the side of a barge
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs .
A brown dog in running on grass .
A man with a white headband playing drums .
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths .
Two dogs are running through a small pond
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water .
Kids are riding horses in a ring .
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods .
The two black dogs are running through the grass .
two cold people stand near a pole .
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck .
two dogs are running across a grassy path .
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet .
Two people are walking by the ocean .
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game .
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
Two little girls in pink are dancing .
a black dog runs through the dry grass .
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow .
Two children splashing in the water .
A dog is on the beach near a ball .
The child is looking at Santa Claus .
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
A brown dog is running through the grass panting .
A dog bounds across the brown grass .
The dog runs through the water .
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth .
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog .
The large dog wading in the water and shaking .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
Children jumping on a trampoline .
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
A white dog running on the beach .
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience .
A light brown dog is running in the water .
Three children playing on a floor with toys .
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth .
A dog carries a leash in its mouth .
Two children playing in the snow .
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river .
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel .
A skier is falling into the snow .
A dog with a red toy in it 's mouth .
Two hockey players fighting on the ice .
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home .
The person is doing a handstand on the beach .
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags .
Two dogs running through a field .
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
The two dogs are playing in the yard .
Two dogs groom each other .
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves .
Two dogs playing in the water .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
A bird with it 's wings spread
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A dog leaping over a hurdle .
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
A man and woman blow bubbles .
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A dog running through mucky ground .
A brown and white dog standing in a yard .
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe .
two woman sit on a park bench .
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy .
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball .
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water .
a group of old men walking down the street
Three dogs are up to their necks in water .
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence .
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps .
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air .
A black and white dog is running through the field .
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field .
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street .
A girl in a costume participates in a parade .
The black dog runs through the water .
A young boy is punching a yellow ball .
A little girl is shoveling snow .
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain .
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti .
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio .
A person is surfing a big wave .
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain .
A dog running through snow .
A woman and a man are amused by headphones .
Two girls walking in the ocean .
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake .
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track .
A man and a dog are playing tug of war .
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool .
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
A white dog runs on a beach .
Six dogs running on the sandy beach .
A man holds on to a handle in the water .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
A white dog walking in the snow .
Two older men in front of a bus .
The white and brown dog runs across the grass .
A black dog retrieves a bird .
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera .
A boy goes down an inflatable slide .
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
Many cars parked on a mountain .
A girl does a back bend on the beach .
A white dog in a jump , holding a plate in his mouth .
Boat sails in rough water .
A girl sits on a red play structure
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
Two surfers on riding a small wave .
A gray bird is flying over the water .
Two people walking on the beach at sunset .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman 's hair .
a dog runs through the water .
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
Three boys playing soccer in a field
two puppies playing around in the grass
A young girl is sitting on Santa 's lap .
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains .
A dog is looking at something near the water .
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
A black dog running into the water .
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach .
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river .
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table .
A white dog bounding through snow
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
Two children hug one another .
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball .
Two girls next to a mossy tree .
An old man sitting down watching something .
A man and dog on a rocky seashore .
Brown dog splashing into the water .
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball .
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino 's Pizza sign .
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed .
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty .
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant .
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard , chasing a ball .
Two dogs , the white one standing on a Frisbee , playing together on grass .
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth .
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
A snowboarder goes down a ramp .
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth .
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool .
A golden dog is running through the snow .
A grey hound is active in a grassy field .
Three dogs walking in the grass .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud .
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball .
a man and woman walking past a record shop
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain .
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain .
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick .
a man plays his white guitar .
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains .
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick .
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game .
Two shirtless young people playing in the water .
Two young children are on sand .
A black and white dog runs through the water .
Close-up of a hummingbird .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet .
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox .
Three dogs play by a lake .
The brown dog is playing in the snow .
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass .
A man and a woman looking at the camera .
a dog jumps into the water .
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth .
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow .
A boy riding on a swing .
A man in a batman suit running .
A brown dog is digging in the dirt .
A dog is running along the grass .
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black .
A black dog running through the snow .
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble .
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water .
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll .
Two white dogs running in grass .
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset .
Three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens .
A black dog walking beside a pool .
Two dogs standing in a lake .
Five black dogs run in a field .
Four dogs run in the grass .
A little black dog is running on the snow .
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it 's mouth .
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle .
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
A black , brown , and white dog is carrying a Frisbee .
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area .
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope .
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach .
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling .
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire .
A wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore .
A dog laying in the snow .
three dogs playing on a beach
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street .
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp .
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach .
A black and white dog running between poles .
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide .
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt .
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
Large group of people standing outside of a building .
A golden dog is running on the grass .
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball .
A dog runs through the grass .
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air .
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground .
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick .
Man rowing a boat .
Three dogs running on a racetrack .
A man and child in front of a billboard
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence .
A dog is standing in the sand .
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building .
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track .
Two dogs play with one another on the grass .
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck .
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A small boy playing in the snow .
People standing outside at a carnival .
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure .
Two young women walk along a dirt road .
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right .
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen .
Many people run in a race on a street .
Two dogs in the snow
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks .
Two white dogs walking in the snow .
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock .
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides .
A dog runs through the grass .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A dog running across the sand
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball .
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water .
Two dogs play in the snow
Japanese school girls walk down the street .
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave .
The black and white dog is swimming in the river .
A small boy playing in the snow .
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean .
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing .
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot .
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind .
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair .
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
Two dogs are running in the field .
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall .
Two people are in bed .
Two dogs on the beach .
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area .
a dog jumps into the water .
A dog looking at the camera in snow .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole .
A group of people are in the water .
The dog is running with food in his mouth .
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow .
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track .
Two dogs running down a beach .
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks .
A dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag .
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask .
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm .
Two young children are walking across an open field .
People on an amusement park ride .
A young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support .
A child with his hands on his head .
two dogs running in the snow
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water .
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph .
A black dog lays in the sand .
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass .
A light brown dog runs down a path happily .
The tan dog runs through the leaves .
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace .
A man performs a skateboard trick .
A child walking in the snow .
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall .
A bike jumps through the air .
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor .
A man helps a boy ride a bike .
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth .
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree .
A man climbing a cliff face .
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike .
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow .
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet .
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water .
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
A dog zips along the beach .
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow .
Two dogs are playing on the beach together .
A boy plays baseball .
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog .
The Dalmation is running through the woods .
A woman waves as she rides a zip line .
A black dog retrieves in the snow .
A man rollerblading on a metal bar .
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo .
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water .
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump .
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture .
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path .
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley .
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow .
Two brown dogs runs through the water .
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A man skis on a snowy mountain .
Two brown dogs are biting each other .
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass .
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall .
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water .
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog .
A young girl doing a back flip in the water .
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps .
Three greyhounds racing on a track
A black dog is jumping out of water .
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee .
A brown dog is walking in the water .
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside .
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair .
A dog shakes off water
People sitting on a couch laugh .
A black dog is running through the snow .
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor .
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him .
a white dog is running through the snow .
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture .
A young boy is riding a bike .
A black dog running in the snow .
Three dogs in the snow by a fence .
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs .
A person skateboarding at a skate park .
A brown and white dog is running across the grass .
A man climbing a rock-face .
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her .
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball .
A black dog leaping over a hurdle .
Two dogs are running on the grass .
A young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide
Many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying .
A dog standing in the water .
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair .
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
Man riding a surfboard on a wave .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain .
Black and white dog running through water .
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball .
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball .
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee .
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform .
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth .
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running .
A women and a dog playing outside
Three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes .
a black dog swimming through a river .
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass .
Two beige dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees .
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth .
A man and a woman are smiling .
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set .
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline .
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
Two girls are jumping high in the air .
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette .
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker .
A dog is running along the grass .
A man with long hair is looking through a camera .
A dog and a red ball in the air .
A tan dog runs through the snow .
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field .
Brown dog running on grass .
A dog jogs through the grass .
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant .
A white , fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs .
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera .
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog .
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball .
A man water skis while attached to a parachute .
A brown puppy chewing on a stick .
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field .
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them .
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen .
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings .
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop .
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean .
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black .
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair .
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite .
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth .
Child sliding in the snow .
The black dog plays in the snow .
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
A white dog running on sand .
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket .
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe .
A group of people having their picture taken .
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack .
A black and white dog is running through a cow field .
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow .
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk .
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall .
The dogs are walking in the desert .
A dog swims in the water .
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air .
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress .
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee .
The blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap .
A person holding a net is standing in the water .
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press .
two dogs play in the grass .
A black and white dog is running through the grass .
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone .
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it 's mouth is humping over a man 's back .
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
A dog is running in the snow .
A small boy playing in the snow .
Two dogs play in the grass .
The dog is jumping in the air .
Two children jumping into a body of water .
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind .
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room .
A dog and cat laying down together .
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background .
A dog is playing in water .
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table .
A family is playing on the beach with their dog .
A dog running through deep snow pack .
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand .
Two dogs playing together in the snow .
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera .
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack .
a white dog running in the snow
a dog runs through the long grass .
The black dog is running through the snow .
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow .
A group of people sitting around a desk .
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it 's mouth .
Three dogs are running in a field .
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree .
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
A white dog running through the snow
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field .
A man is riding a kayak through water .
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture .
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows .
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside .
A group of people are camping out on some rocks .
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball .
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy .
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea .
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar .
A man on a bike nest to a river .
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera .
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball .
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching .
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow .
A dog running on the grass
A brown dog runs near the water .
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas .
A skier going down the snowy hill .
Two dogs are running on the grass .
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach .
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket .
Many football players sitting on the ground .
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside .
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person .
A golden dog plays in the snow
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain .
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline .
The surfer does a flip off of a wave .
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
People travel up the elevator together .
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field .
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass .
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album .
Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff .
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass .
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee .
A black dog jumps in the snow .
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool .
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles .
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them .
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
A crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front .
Boy lies on stomach in grass .
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth .
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow .
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area .
Two dogs play by a tree .
A bird sits in a tree .
A brown dog chews on an orange ball .
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top .
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road .
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation .
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake .
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline .
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool .
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball .
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
A brown and white horse runs quickly .
The brown and white dog is in the water .
A child is walking from one picnic table to another .
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway .
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat .
A dog in the snow .
A man with long hair is looking through a camera .
Dalmation running along the beach .
A man climbs a snowy mountain .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing .
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog running through snow .
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle .
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball .
Four black dogs run across the grass .
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head .
A brown dog is walking on the grass .
A yellow dog in the snow .
A girl is jumping .
A dog carries a stick through the woods .
A dog runs through the grass .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
Two men are racing in the water .
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach .
Two black and white dogs running in a field .
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner .
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline .
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball .
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle .
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground .
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
Small black dog running in grass
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline .
Two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball .
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water .
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
Kids playing tag football .
Three children playing in snow .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass .
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road .
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard .
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth .
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street .
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board .
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball .
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water .
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head .
A brown dog is running through the field .
A skier skiing down a large mountain
A dog jogs through the grass .
A boy is blowing bubbles
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building .
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand .
Two boys show off their stained , blue tongues .
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water .
A white and black dog runs on the grass .
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach .
This dog is jumping through the water .
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera .
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break .
A man and a woman laughing .
A little boy is in a tire
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
Two dogs run on the grass .
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them .
The football players are working on stretching their legs .
A dog is standing in the sand .
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach .
Two children are on a fairground ride .
Two kids splashing in the water .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A tan dog runs through the snow .
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing .
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters .
A woman reads while on public transportation .
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement .
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background .
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass .
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting .
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp .
The black dog is running through the water .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park .
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving .
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard .
A brown dog jumps high in the grass .
A brown dog running over grass .
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage .
Two dogs run on the beach .
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets .
A skateboarder in the city .
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee .
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf .
Three dogs running through a puddle .
The dog returns the play toy to its master .
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table .
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette .
Two females jump off of swings .
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store .
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park .
Two dogs running on the shore .
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest .
The white dog has a ball in its mouth .
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope .
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean .
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light .
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car .
A young man with a beard at an event .
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture .
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
a boy plays in the fountains .
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods .
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera .
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain .
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool .
Two brown dogs barking at each other .
A black dog jumping into a lake .
A child playing in water .
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field .
The black dog is running on the grass .
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins .
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match .
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall .
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball .
Two people run in the sand at the beach .
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow .
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers .
The black dog is walking through the tall grass .
Two dogs playing in snow .
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing .
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball .
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars .
Two black dogs playing in the snow .
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass .
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow .
Two dogs play in shallow water .
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles .
A dog jumps over a chain .
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains .
Little girl and older male , holding hands and walking on train tracks .
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it 's tongue hanging out .
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench .
The dog is running in the grass .
a boy in a red shirt , in front of a long blue wall , raises his eyebrow at the camera
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide .
A black and a yellow dog
Three children in a ball pit .
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course .
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake .
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool .
The white and brown dog is running through the grass .
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake .
A brown dog is running through green grass .
A motorcyclist " pops a wheelie " in a grassy field framed by rolling hills .
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water .
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass .
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue .
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field .
A light brown dog is running in the water .
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs .
A young boy is running a race .
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle .
A black dog walking through water .
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore .
A black dog is running in snow .
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog .
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign .
A woman is sitting in the water .
A brown dog wades in the water .
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters .
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike .
A hockey player looks intently downward .
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick .
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee .
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing .
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day .
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave .
A person on a snowmobile .
A small dog runs through a field .
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow .
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle .
A black dog is playing in the snow .
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break .
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots .
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool .
Two brown dogs running together on sand
A young blonde child holding an airplane .
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass .
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow .
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee .
A girl blows on a dandelion .
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride .
A dog digging in the sand .
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow .
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
The dog is running through deep snow .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee .
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake .
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water .
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores .
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream .
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts .
A basketball player holding a basketball .
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks .
A person on a bmx bike .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball .
A black and white dog jumping into the air .
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball .
A group of people standing outside of a building .
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water .
A group of four children dancing in a backyard .
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach .
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
A boy waves around a sparkler .
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard .
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing .
Two black dogs playing in the grass .
Two white dogs running in the grass together .
Several people are sitting around a fire at night .
Two boys are jumping into a pool .
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other .
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground .
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground .
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall .
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A dog is running through the snow .
Two dogs playing in snow .
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection .
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches .
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow .
A woman holding a newspaper .
A group of men playing brass instruments .
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish .
a snowboarder jumps into the air .
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow .
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide .
Kids play soccer on a field .
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes .
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race .
A dog is leaping through the grass .
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another .
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella .
One child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand .
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves .
A dog laying down on a green cushion .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
A brown dog plays in the snow .
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp .
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water .
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach .
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag .
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day .
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree .
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand .
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar .
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks .
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean .
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave .
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background .
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence .
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants .
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach .
Several people in a crowd , some with their arms raised .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave .
A dog jumps over a chain .
The tan and white dog is running in the field .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
a dog jumps into the pond .
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background .
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch .
A girl sliding down a pole
Dog is jumping down a ramp .
Three dogs are playing in the white snow .
The dog plays in the park .
A woman pointing at a geyser .
A dog is running through some water .
Two teenage girls , one is smiling .
Two girls arm wrestling , while another looks on .
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area .
A dog runs through a very wooded area .
a skateboarder grinds a rail .
Two birds interacting in the grass
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat .
Four dogs stand in the snow .
A black dog asleep in a car .
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass .
Brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other .
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain .
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe .
Two dogs run through grass .
Two young soccer players race to the goal .
A man running on a track .
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air .
Two children in a field of red flowers .
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake .
A small black dog is in the grass .
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera .
the black and white dog is running through the ocean .
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon .
A black dog is running along the beach .
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek .
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
Children play fight with swords .
A man is wind sailing in the ocean .
A man is skating down a set of stairs .
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube .
A group of dogs run through the snowy field .
Two women walking down the street
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog .
Two people holding hands and walking in a field .
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
The black dog is running through the grass .
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A dog plays in the water .
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room .
A person is climbing a snowy mountain .
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball .
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk .
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves .
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl .
two puppies playing around in the grass
A football player kicks the ball .
A light-colored dog runs through the grass .
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside .
Three dogs running through water .
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field .
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby .
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree .
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range .
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background .
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors .
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth .
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal .
The dogs are playing in the snow .
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool .
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows .
A brown dog sits on the beach .
A man who is resting his head on his hand .
A dog in a car .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
Scuba diver submerged in water .
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill .
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow .
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean .
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees .
A dog in in a car .
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it 's mouth .
Child holding an object that is on fire .
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods .
two tan dogs play in the grass
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself .
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
A police officer directs traffic on a city street .
A black and white dog runs through grass .
Little girl jumping in water puddle
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
White dog outside with two people in background .
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red .
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck .
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant .
A child and two dogs play in the water .
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall .
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow .
People are standing on an escalator moving up .
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head .
Three little girls are sitting on the grass .
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water .
A lady is running her dog through an agility course .
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears .
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race .
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs .
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue .
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Some children are raising their hands and clapping .
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail .
Two dogs play in the snow .
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
A man blowing a large bubble .
A brown dog shaking its head .
Two people sit on a dock near the water .
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter .
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth .
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net .
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water , with stick in mouth .
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump .
A black and white dog is running on the beach .
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway .
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades .
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing .
A dog running along the beach .
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand .
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing .
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth .
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building .
A black dog is running in the grass .
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather .
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking , surrounded by wilderness .
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water .
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice , injured .
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting .
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear .
Three dogs play in a grassy field .
A small white dog climbs over a log .
A young boy plays in a red ball pit .
A lean dog runs through green grass .
Two boys playing in water .
A surfer on a wave .
Two dogs running through tall grass .
a black dog runs across the snow .
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs .
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside .
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole .
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
A group of children playing with props
A brown dog running after a a red ball .
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks .
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle .
Two men in a running contest .
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him .
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain .
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand .
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard .
A black and white dog runs through the water .
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods .
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background .
A biker jumps an obstacles .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A woman runs on the beach .
A girl dances on a stage .
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass .
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground .
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant .
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed .
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill .
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic .
A brown dog biting a horse 's leg .
A shirtless man rock climbs .
a group of dogs playing
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched .
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A small dog runs through a grassy field .
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth .
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball .
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air .
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow .
Two people are walking through some water .
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot .
A girl is running on a desert path .
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass .
a group of skiers going up a mountain
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet .
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach .
A dog standing near snow looking at water .
A dog splashing in the water .
a black , brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth .
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail .
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses .
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city .
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth .
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it .
The dog is in the air above the grass .
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street .
Young boy plays ball on the beach .
A black dog is running through some water .
Girl stands in subway waiting on something .
Two dogs approach each other in the grass .
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park .
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass .
A man juggles at the beach .
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore .
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp .
A child pushes another child on a swing .
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night .
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags .
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face .
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel .
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth .
A young girl running on the beach .
A baseball player throws the ball .
A white dog runs into a lake .
Two dogs are playing catch in a field .
A man is swinging on a rope over water .
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands .
A man doing a trick on a skateboard .
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool .
A deer jumps a fence .
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk .
a dog sprints across the water .
Tasting it is the only reliable way .
I think it probably depends on your money .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Obviously , the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for .
I ' ve had this same problem .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours .
There are a ton of other examples online .
The way you have it is fine .
I think you should do both .
It ' s a good idea to tailor your CV and / or resume to each position you apply for .
So my proposed answer is " yes " .
There are a few things you can do :
In the US , it will depend on the school .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
There is no reason to worry .
You don ' t need to know everything .
You don ' t need to know everything .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
Does this page answer your question ?
The two things you can do to really help here are :
You answered your own question .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Cooking depends on the type of sauce you ' re cooking .
You answered your own question .
How should I proceed about this ?
There ' s also what the string is made of .
Unofficially it is not .
If they want you to use a certain technique , then that ' s part of the training process .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Much of it has to do with marketing .
Be sure to use a good wood glue like Titebond II .
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
There are two things to consider :
It ' s also a matter of taste .
The more you weigh , the harder it is on your back .
I did this one time as well .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
You can use it , too .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I was in a similar situation .
I suggest you to take a look at rememberthemilk.com .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
You do not need to worry .
You should do it .
I think it is depends on the program .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check .
Yes , you can receive phone signals .
The short answer is : it should not .
I was in a similar situation .
I would even venture to say that it is THE question .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
This will , as the very first and foremost thing , allow you to place plenty of them .
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid , then you will not need a transit visa .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I think you should do both .
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do .
This doesn ' t answer your question , but :
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
Can you do this ?
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
You answered your own question .
It depends on what they are .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
It ' s not a good idea .
Depends a bit on your furnace .
I think this is a good question to ponder after a good workout .
Is this a scam ?
How I should pay the due amount ?
This is not a good idea .
And I think its a good way to deal with situation like this .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
I think it probably depends on your money .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
Totally an opinion here but I have to agree with MGOwen ' s answer above .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
The answer depends on where you are .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
The short answer is : it should not .
2 . You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation .
You can do it , too .
I ' ve had this same problem .
Or I have been .
This is not a good idea .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You should do it .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
Yes ... on all the above .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
As far as I know there is no such law .
How do you do that ?
You will need about 1 inch .
This information is not true .
I agree with the other comments .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
If you want to be a manager , that ' s another story .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
You have a problem .
I don ' t think it makes any tremendous difference .
I have few suggestions for you :
As far as I know there is no such law .
It really doesn ' t matter .
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start .
It ' s pretty much up to you .
Depends on the loan .
There ' s no rule against it .
The answer depends on where you are .
It depends on what they are .
if you don ' t want to derail the meeting , but the key is to speak up .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
As far as I know , there are no ATMs that require a chip card .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
As soon as possible .
Personally I wouldn ' t !
The answer depends on where you are .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
Make sure that you collect references on your way out .
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You don ' t have to know .
What day do you want me to start ?
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
And if you ' re holding in a Roth IRA , you get that tax free .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
It really doesn ' t matter .
Try something with the following format : mm / dd / yyyy
To give this an answer :
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
The rule - When in doubt throw it out !
I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head :
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
The answer depends on where you are .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
I think you should do both .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
All of the previous answers are good .
This is not a good idea .
You don ' t need to know everything .
This is not a good idea .
What kind of IRA ?
The cymbals don ' t have to be expensive .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
Yes , it ' s probably a good idea to renew your passport .
There is no official government page .
You have a problem .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
You don ' t have to know .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
This problem is one that I commonly come across .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
Why don ' t you just lock it to something ?
if you don ' t want to derail the meeting , but the key is to speak up .
See Wikipedia for average weather stats .
I think it probably depends on your money .
I think it probably depends on your money .
The answer depends on where you are .
There is some info about this on Wikipedia , but I ' m not sure how acurate it is .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
It probably depends on the cut of meat .
This is not a good idea .
English is really widespread , so that would be your best bet .
Some things you might consider :
Yes , you have to file a tax return in Canada .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
It ' s not a good idea .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Do you have a car ?
You may need to step in and mentor him on how to do something .
I would suggest that you try ClearCheckbook .
It ' s pretty much up to you .
If you ' re going to say " No " , do it as you ' re doing here .
Depends on what ' s causing the cramps .
I think you should do both .
Yes , there is a reason for it .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
It ' s a good idea to tailor your CV and / or resume to each position you apply for .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
Don ' t worry too much about music theory yet .
I think it would .
There is a very good book called On Food and Cooking , by Harold McGee .
You don ' t have to worry .
I have few suggestions for you :
Have you tried asking your employees ?
If you consistently maintain a caloric deficit , you will lose it .
In the end , there is nothing you can do if he ' s not willing to cooperate .
You don ' t need to know everything .
There are a few things you can do :
Do you have a kid ' s sized table ?
I would even venture to say that it is THE question .
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated .
It is possible , but I ' m not aware of any evidence for it .
I have this habit as well .
You don ' t have to know .
You don ' t need any visa .
It ' s all about diet and exercise .
There are two things to consider :
I think it probably depends on your money .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
You shouldn ' t feel any obligation at all .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
You should do it .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
That is your problem , not your supervisor ' s .
I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system .
I would say that in a situation like this , communication is paramount .
There is no maximum .
Work into it slowly .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
I ' m sure that this has been asked here but I can ' t find the answer .
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
You can buy it on amazon for $ 5 .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
Yes , there is a rule against this .
I ' m not 100 % sure , but it sounds like you ' re referring to Explorers .
The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot , as the coffee is acidic .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
I think it is depends on the program .
There are two ways to start with : plunging and dripping .
The hard answer is a straight no .
There are a few things you can do :
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him .
A few other reasons , which are less glamorous :
I don ' t think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product , no .
No it can ' t .
Yes , there is a rule against this .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
It ' s not a good idea .
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
If you haven ' t , you should .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
There is no maximum .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
Yes , you should mention your experience .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
If you want to install it yourself , great .
Interesting article , thanks for the link .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
As far as I know there is no such law .
You don ' t have to worry .
If you haven ' t , you should .
From what I understand this is what you can do :
Take a look at these :
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
If you intern with them it is likely you will want to work for them after you graduate .
What kind of insulation is it ?
This should help , it ' s not precisely exact , but you can probably figure it out from here .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
I had the same problem as you .
I believe you would be DQ ' d if you were to use it .
The last thing I would look closer is that the one you are asking actually .
How quickly are you using the eggs ?
I do not think there ' s any appreciable difference .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
No , you do not NEED a bread machine .
I ' d say it primarily depends on two things :
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I am not sure this is the right site for the question .
What are your goals ?
It sounds like you just undercooked them .
Some of what you can do :
This is not a good idea .
If the code base that you have to deal with is no good , they know about that .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Obviously , the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for .
The answers so far are already good , but I ' d like to add a map for Switzerland :
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
How much it will help depends on the temperature of the water and the environment the tank is in .
There are three options :
From what I understand this is what you can do :
There are a few things you can do :
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
I was in a similar situation .
This depends on the particular index , of course .
I won ' t try to describe it , but here ' s how I would go about it :
Get a lot of sleep .
I think you should do both .
To give this an answer :
I think it depends on the deadline the offering school gave you .
Healthy competition is the magic word you are looking for .
I ' ve had this same problem .
There is no maximum .
I am not sure this is the right site for the question .
It depends on what they are .
My opinion is that I don ' t think you should force the issue .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It all depends on you ! !
You can do it , too .
In the end you have to show people how things will work .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
If you don ' t want to work with them on graduation , then cooperate fully with their request .
There is no reason not to do them on the same day .
You are not disclosing key info .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
You do not need to worry .
As soon as possible .
It very much depends on the grant in question .
I think it is depends on the program .
Primer / paint will not work .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
You don ' t have to worry .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I ' d put it this way :
I have the same thing .
I believe the term you ' re looking for is Chibi
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
Most likely this is an " it depends " .
This answer actually has two parts :
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
I read a lot of non-fiction books and i read it only once .
Maybe everyone knew about this , and she was the only one who didn ’ t .
I think you really have to ask yourself if its worth it , the risk / reward .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
It depends on a position , not person .
It is almost as if you are sleeping , but you are not .
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with .
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
If you like the work , the people and how much your bringing home then stick with it .
This is a very unusual request .
This should not be an issue in big stations .
There are a few things you can do :
What day do you want me to start ?
You have not indicate your country of residence or that of your friend .
I don ' t think there ' s any reason other than historical chance .
Don ' t worry too much about music theory yet .
If she doesn ' t like it , she can find something for you to do .
It very much depends on the grant in question .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
I have the same thing .
As for how to drain them , it depends on the type of vegetable .
No it does not affect your ratings .
I think it would .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
You don ' t need to know everything .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
You don ' t have to know .
Have you tried asking your employees ?
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
Moisture-release is not a result of the cooking process but of the quality of the chicken .
It probably depends on the location and how much room you have to work with .
I think you ' re well on your way there .
I never worry about this .
If that is the case then you cannot bury it .
I don ' t think it makes any tremendous difference .
If you haven ' t , you should .
I think it ' s just a habit .
There are a few things you can do :
It depends on what they are .
Did you overcook it ?
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
I think you should do both .
If you will have 60 credits it is up to the employer .
Vinegar does a couple of things .
You answered your own question .
You should do it .
There are two things to consider :
Turn off the main breaker .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Recently , I have had a very similar situation occur .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It depends on a position , not person .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
This is not a good idea .
This is not a good idea .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
Do you have a car ?
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
There are two things to consider :
I ' d say it primarily depends on two things :
Obviously , the best book for you depends a lot on what you are looking for .
All of the answers above are good .
I won ' t try to describe it , but here ' s how I would go about it :
Of course you can store them in the fridge .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
It depends on how it ' s used .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
If the property is good , go for it .
Most likely it is shiplap .
It depends on what they are .
It is very important to understand the culture of the place you work .
You don ' t have to know .
I have the same thing .
I think it is depends on the program .
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with .
It ' s not a good idea .
You are on the right path .
It ' s all in her head .
You don ' t have to know .
This doesn ' t answer your question , but :
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I have been to Dhaka many , many times .
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
I would say yes , but don ' t expect miracles .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
Some people do not like it if you begin your letter with " I " .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You don ' t have to know .
How should I proceed about this ?
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
Does this page answer your question ?
It depends on what they are .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
You can use it , too .
Here ' s the issue as I see it .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
If you haven ' t , you should .
You can use it , too .
There is nothing new in what you describe .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
You don ' t have to know .
In the end , It ' s all about how you present it if questioned in an Interview .
I wouldn ' t give them detail about what you ' ll be doing , for who , or where .
I think you should do both .
That depends on who you ask .
I think it probably depends on your money .
I think it ' s just a habit .
I agree with Jolenealaska .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
There are a few things I think you should do .
You don ' t have to know .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
I ' ve had this same problem .
Generally speaking , the slope of anything involving a house should be away from the house .
It depends entirely on your company and your contract .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
I ' ve had this same problem .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
It depends on how it ' s used .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I do this as well .
If you haven ' t , you should .
I think either version will be fine .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
What kind of insulation is it ?
What does your contract say ?
If you are a beginner and want to stain it , I would suggest you go with solid wood .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
There is no reason not to do them on the same day .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It ' s pretty much up to you .
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
It depends on what they are .
Yes , you have to file a tax return in Canada .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
It is possible , but I ' m not aware of any evidence for it .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
It depends a bit on the programme , but the general answer is " stick to the 1000 " .
To my mind , it ' s a matter of how " big a break " you want .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
It depends on what they are .
There is no reason to worry .
There are a few things you can do :
Yes , that is precisely correct .
I study in a university and live in its hostel .
I think it probably depends on your money .
The answer to your question is Gotye " Easy Way Out "
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Here is your procedure :
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I think you should do both .
I ' ve been researching for years .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
Could it be The Cell from 2000 ?
There are a few things you can do :
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
How much tax do I have to pay ?
Yes , there is a reason for it .
The more you weigh , the harder it is on your back .
It depends on how it ' s used .
I think you ' re looking for Mikey ( 1992 ) .
It varies by the situation .
You don ' t have to know .
So how should I do this ?
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I ' ve used pandoc for this problem previously and it worked pretty well .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
But in general , the longer the snippet you want to reuse , the worse the idea it is .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It ' s not a good idea .
You PROBABLY don ' t have any chance at the moment .
You don ' t need to know everything .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I do this with lots of foods that are hard to separate after freezing .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
As far as I know there is no such law .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
If that is the case then you cannot bury it .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not .
It really doesn ' t matter .
You don ' t need to know everything .
Is it the easiest pan to use ?
I think it is depends on the program .
The answer depends on where you are .
Short answer moisture and salts .
I ' m a huge fan of the vintage glass bowl / reamer combination .
I don ' t think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product , no .
Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no .
the best thing to do with toddlers when it comes to food is to stop caring .
I ' m not a fan of the test kits .
If this is the case , you really don ' t need to be as worried about steak .
I ' ve been researching for years .
I think you can get away with thinset here .
You don ' t have to know .
It depends on how it ' s used .
The answer was a no .
How do you do that ?
I am not entirely sure this is the right place to answer those questions .
I think you ' re looking for Mikey ( 1992 ) .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
My opinion is that I don ' t think you should force the issue .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
It makes absolutely NO difference .
If this is the case , you really don ' t need to be as worried about steak .
I think it is depends on the program .
You don ' t need to know everything .
Can you do this ?
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
How do you do that ?
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I agree with Jolenealaska .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
I ' m going to be very direct here .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
It could be that the roof is fine and the water is coming from elsewhere .
I don ' t think that word means what you think it means .
What kind of insulation is it ?
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I agree with everything Reven said .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
Yes , you should mention your experience .
It depends on what they are .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
I don ' t think there are any web based tools that would allow you to do this .
Interesting series of questions , but I ' m afraid I don ' t have an answer to all of them .
I had the same problem as you .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
That said , I ' m guessing the answer is " no " .
You should do it .
I told her that he did , if she wanted to believe in him .
It ' s not the size of the cup , it ' s the amount of coffee in it .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
This very much depends on your institution and your professor .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
What kind of insulation is it ?
As far as I know there is no such law .
I don ' t know the credentials of this site , so take it with a grain of salt .
If she doesn ' t like it , she can find something for you to do .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
As Derrik mentioned , the Sagulator is probably your best bet .
It depends entirely on your company and your contract .
You answered your own question .
I agree with the other comments .
I ' ve used it but , given a choice , I ' ll always opt for paper .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
Sounds like you need to make a ' Visa run ' .
I ' ve had this same problem .
The answer depends on where you are .
So how should I do this ?
You don ' t have to know .
To directly answer your question : if you like the results with your ratio , it ' s reasonable .
) , but it is not .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
There are a few things you can do :
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
There are many ways to structure an introduction .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
The goal is to get the bowl as empty as possible .
You don ' t have to worry .
In addition to the other answers , there ' s also a price discrimination component .
This is not a good idea .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
You don ' t have to worry .
This is the tip I find most useful :
There is no such index .
That ' s what I believe .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I would suggest Markdown .
I never worry about this .
There are a few things I think you should do .
I would look at this : U.S .
It ' s all in her head .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
The way you have it is fine .
I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head :
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
This very much depends on your institution and your professor .
I know this is difficult , but it ' s the only thing that will make things better .
All of the answers above are good .
You don ' t have to worry .
That makes no sense at all .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
Depends on your time scale , but generally , I don ' t think it would work .
Can you do this ?
If they are not willing to give me a solid answer I ask them to call back later .
Sure , I ' ve done this very trip .
You should do it .
You can use it , too .
If you haven ' t , you should .
I think it probably depends on your money .
I think you ' re looking for Mikey ( 1992 ) .
I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head :
My opinion is that I don ' t think you should force the issue .
I am affraid there is not much you can do .
It ' s not too unusual .
A few things I learned :
How do you do that ?
Now you don ' t have to be perfect on every answer .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
I ' ve located an article that might be of some help : http : / / www.dsattorney.com / qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts /
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
I ' ve had this same problem .
There are many ways to structure an introduction .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
I think it is depends on the program .
What day do you want me to start ?
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You will have to make some adjustments , but don ' t let that stop you .
I think it probably depends on your money .
I think it is depends on the program .
There is no reason to worry .
It ' s also a matter of taste .
It ' s not a good idea .
Have you tried beef consommé ?
No it can ' t .
I think you ' re well on your way there .
You can buy it on amazon for $ 5 .
Don ' t think of it as insurance for you in case you can ' t pay .
If they don ' t reply the thank you , it ' s neutral , no harm done .
You could try TripIt .
There is a very good book called On Food and Cooking , by Harold McGee .
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US .
There are a few things I think you should do .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
There is no reason not to do them on the same day .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
I think it is depends on the program .
The answer depends on where you are .
You will want to clean the area first .
Buy a new piece to fit .
In most cases the purpose of a credit check is to see if there is evidence of character problems .
While you claim this is a loan , it may not necessarily be seen as such by the IRS .
You could try something like a Philips SpotOn .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
There is no maximum .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
There are a couple of options that you could consider :
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
You don ' t have to worry .
I think you should do both .
I think it is the nanny state thing .
You don ' t want to alienate your coworkers .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You can do it , too .
You ' re using the wrong type of screws .
Make sure it ' s not too big for you to be able to move .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
If you can get your hands on a file , you could modify a screw to be self-drilling .
I run the risk of appearing anti-social and unproductive .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
I ' m not a fan of the test kits .
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA .
It depends on how it ' s used .
You can always go to glycemicindex.com .
The two things you can do to really help here are :
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
In all probability , you should be able to board the flight .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
Can you do this ?
You got it right .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I won ' t try to describe it , but here ' s how I would go about it :
You don ' t have to know .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
How do you do that ?
I don ' t think there are any web based tools that would allow you to do this .
I ' m sure that this has been asked here but I can ' t find the answer .
It probably depends on the cut of meat .
You don ' t have to know .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I think it is depends on the program .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
You need to file a quarterly estimated tax payment to do this .
Depends on the loan .
Do you need to incorporate ?
I was in a similar situation .
What matters to you is that the work is not getting done and the deadlines are in danger .
I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
This is not a good idea .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
The cymbals don ' t have to be expensive .
What is your lid made of ?
All of the previous answers are good .
You don ' t need any visa .
The answer depends on where you are .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
I had the same problem as you .
It ' s just worn out and not safe .
Maybe I ' m missing something , but it sounds like you ' re communicating fairly well .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
That is your problem , not your supervisor ' s .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check .
It probably depends on the location and how much room you have to work with .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
There are two things to consider :
what would be a good way to do this ?
I had the same problem , googled and found these solutions :
It depends entirely on your company and your contract .
I think it would .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I agree with the other comments .
You don ' t have to know .
And it ' s not a qualification .
Depends on the loan .
I think it would .
I suspect it is to speed up boarding .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I agree with the other comments .
Vinegar does a couple of things .
What kind of IRA ?
What day do you want me to start ?
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
There are a few things I think you should do .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
The answer to your question is Gotye " Easy Way Out "
I think it probably depends on your money .
The wood probably isn ' t rotten , it ' s just worn out .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
The answer depends on where you are .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I know you didn ' t ask for screws , but they do tend to be the most practical solution .
So think it in this way .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
Another thing to look at is your footware .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
I would suggest that you try ClearCheckbook .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
You don ' t have to worry .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
This is not a good idea .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
How do you do that ?
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
It ' s not a good idea .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
All of the previous answers are good .
Well , I wouldn ' t put it on my cv .
You will have to make some adjustments , but don ' t let that stop you .
This is a great one ...
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You can do it , too .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
If you haven ' t , you should .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
I think it would .
If she doesn ' t like it , she can find something for you to do .
I ' ve done this in a similar situation .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
I ' m not sure I get the situation :
Some things you might consider :
Is this the kind of person you want to do business with ?
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
I believe the term you ' re looking for is Chibi
It depends on how it ' s used .
You don ' t have to know .
You can use it , too .
I ' ve had this same problem .
I know this is difficult , but it ' s the only thing that will make things better .
Lateral support is probably very important .
It depends on how it ' s used .
There are a few things you can do :
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
I ' ve had good luck with SweetHome 3D .
As far as I know there is no such law .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
I agree with hobodave ' s answers , and let me add one more thing .
I think it is depends on the program .
Can you do this ?
Thanks for the suggestions .
You do not need to worry .
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
This is not a good idea .
The last thing I would look closer is that the one you are asking actually .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
There are a few things you can do :
I advice you to also take lessons for the basics .
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It ' s not a good idea .
It ' s not a good idea .
You don ' t have to know .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I think you ' ve pretty much done your review .
I don ' t think it was a burger but rather a cupcake .
There are a few things I think you should do .
You don ' t have to know .
A little bit of baking soda will offset the pH of the tomatoes .
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat .
I ' m confused on why you wouldn ' t want to have him as a coauthor ?
I have worked on a project that was like this .
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
You got it right .
You don ' t need to know everything .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
You answered your own question .
It depends on how it ' s used .
No you are not .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
Can you do this ?
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I like crates better for a couple of reasons
If you feel you have too many commas , you do .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I have the same thing .
I had the same problem as you .
They want to know what you have done to help them be more successful .
Some of what you can do :
You don ' t have to know .
Some of what you can do :
These numbers shouldn ' t impact you at all .
Yes , there is a chemical difference .
They can be out of level by a bit , but flat is important .
I would go for it .
You don ' t have to know .
I suggest you ' d do like you would with a dog .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
If your boss has a problem with that , then you have several options .
I would look at this : U.S .
There are a few things I think you should do .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
You are on the right path .
In the end , there is nothing you can do if he ' s not willing to cooperate .
This is a big problem .
Does this page answer your question ?
If you haven ' t , you should .
Have you considered making your own ?
There are a few things I think you should do .
Yes it will help .
It ' s also a matter of taste .
) , but the intervals between them are not the same .
This doesn ' t answer your question , but :
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
Take a look at these :
I think it probably depends on your money .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents .
Yes it is common !
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
My opinion is that I don ' t think you should force the issue .
This is a big problem .
There are a few things I don ' t understand :
It depends on how it ' s used .
You should do it .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
This is not a good idea .
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want :
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
This is not a good idea .
Problem is , the system doesn ' t account for people who could care less about money , or title .
Have you ever seen a strong vegan ?
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
That is your problem , not your supervisor ' s .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
Focus on one thing at a time so you don ' t waste time switching between task .
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check .
Your best bet is to refer to the owners manual of the furnace .
I think you should do both .
You don ' t have to know .
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
Work into it slowly .
You don ' t need to know everything .
If you haven ' t , you should .
There is no reason to worry .
You should do it .
The meat is definitely worth saving .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
No , you do not NEED a bread machine .
Yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis .
In the end , there is nothing you can do if he ' s not willing to cooperate .
You PROBABLY don ' t have any chance at the moment .
If you mean what I think you mean , then Hebrew is noted for this .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I do not think there ' s any appreciable difference .
I agree with the other comments .
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do .
No , being a graduate student in a PhD program is a full-time job .
I had the same issue and it turned out to be air in the system .
You don ' t have to worry .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
There are a few things I don ' t understand :
Yes , you should mention your experience .
It really doesn ' t matter .
These numbers shouldn ' t impact you at all .
If you haven ' t , you should .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
I think it is depends on the program .
This is a terrible idea .
The answer was a no .
I think it is great that you had a test conducted .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
Yes it is common !
You don ' t have to know .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
I think it would .
It depends entirely on your company and your contract .
I can think of two suggestions :
I ' ve had one for several months .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
I think it probably depends on your money .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
I think you ' re looking for Mikey ( 1992 ) .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You don ' t have to know .
Yes , there is a rule against this .
What are your goals ?
Depends on the loan .
I don ' t think that word means what you think it means .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It will become easier the more you do it .
So how should I do this ?
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
You don ' t need any visa .
Depends on the loan .
I think you should do both .
There ' s no standard formula .
You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to .
You don ' t need any visa .
I was in a similar situation .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Do you have any goals ?
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
All of the answers above are good .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
Is this the kind of person you want to do business with ?
Depends a bit on your furnace .
As far as I know there is no such law .
Do you have to wait ?
But you can ' t know for sure the price that the fund will be worth at you payout date .
There are a few things I think you should do .
I think you ' ve pretty much done your review .
All of the answers above are good .
Try some of the following :
I spend a lot of time in France and in the midwest US .
I think it is depends on the program .
I ' m going to go out on a limb here ...
3 is really the hardest to respond to ; I ' m not sure I have a good response .
But you can ' t know for sure the price that the fund will be worth at you payout date .
I would not do this for exactly the reasons you ' ve asked about :
The answer depends on where you are .
There are two possible causes for this :
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid , then you will not need a transit visa .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
Yes , although you probably want to chop it up .
You don ' t need a visa to invest in US equity .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
Turn off the main breaker .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
I think it would .
Body shape has a lot to do with it .
A few more point to think about :
Now you don ' t have to be perfect on every answer .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
I ' m afraid we are out of luck in this one .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
If she doesn ' t like it , she can find something for you to do .
I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation .
I would avoid freezing them as it will change the texture .
I think it probably depends on your money .
You don ' t need to know everything .
It varies by the situation .
It very much depends on the grant in question .
This is the same question you asked a couple of days ago .
I don ' t think that word means what you think it means .
2 . You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation .
I have the same thing .
From what I understand this is what you can do :
Sure , I ' ve done this very trip .
I have the same thing .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
If you feel you have too many commas , you do .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I think it probably depends on your money .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
I think you should do both .
The more detailed answer to this questions largely depends on where you go .
You are on the right path .
You don ' t have to know .
There is no such index .
Stop , go to a veterinarian .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
The answer depends on where you are .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
There is no reason not to do them on the same day .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
Primer / paint will not work .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I agree with the other comments .
The way you have it is fine .
I would say a chef ' s knife , for sure .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
It ' s also a matter of taste .
I agree with the other comments .
This depends highly on the genre .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
I was in a similar situation .
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
I have the same thing .
The hard answer is a straight no .
I suggest you to take a look at rememberthemilk.com .
No you are not .
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
This is not a good idea .
It ' s possible for two airlines to share the same code , under some circumstances .
2 . You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
There is no such index .
I would go for it .
This is not necessarily an issue .
You can use it , too .
If what you are looking for is much higher , they get the picture .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
The two tools I have used to make my own pasta are rollers and extruders .
Depends a bit on your furnace .
Here ' s the issue as I see it .
You could try BerlinLinienBus .
I had the same problem as you .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It ' s not a good idea .
Some things you might consider :
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
There are three options :
I think this is very subjective question and will depend on who the judge is .
I think you should do both .
If you want to be a manager , that ' s another story .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I don ' t think twice about leaving a dutch oven in the stove overnight , at a low temperature .
There are three options :
The answer depends on where you are .
It is possible , but I ' m not aware of any evidence for it .
That makes no sense at all .
It depends on what they are .
It depends on what they are .
As Adel points out , you ' re going to see this in a lot of companies .
I had the same problem as you .
I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation .
As you can see in this simple example there is a lot of information .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
The way you have it is fine .
You don ' t have to worry .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
You don ' t need to know everything .
I do not think there ' s any appreciable difference .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
You will have to make some adjustments , but don ' t let that stop you .
If you ' re going to say " No " , do it as you ' re doing here .
It ' s pretty much up to you .
I ' ve had this same problem .
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
The answer depends on where you are .
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
Your problem is probably the temperature of the chocolate .
2 . You may need to see a councilor to help you with the child situation .
I ' d say something along the lines of " why ?
I think it ' s just a habit .
It ' s not a good idea .
There are a few things you can do :
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head :
It depends on what they are .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
If you don ' t do that you ' re a bad supervisor and you ' re not serving him well .
I think it really depends on how much you take out of your Nationwide account each month .
It probably depends on the cut of meat .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
While I can ' t give a definitive answer , I can just say it ' s somewhat to very common .
Volcanic water is not a problem .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
i think it depends what you want :
You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
I ' m thinking it ' s a bad idea .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
All of the answers above are good .
You have a problem .
I ' ve had good luck with SweetHome 3D .
) Take notes on the papers you read .
The two things you can do to really help here are :
The answer was a no .
If I were you , I ' d move on .
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know .
It ' s not a good idea .
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
Unfortunately , this question cannot be answered in its full generality .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
There is no such index .
Depends on your time scale , but generally , I don ' t think it would work .
I can think of a couple of options off the top of my head :
If this is the case , you really don ' t need to be as worried about steak .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool .
If you are relatively new to the organization , performance reviews may not be done in the first year .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
It depends on what they are .
If you haven ' t , you should .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
It ' s not a good idea .
Can you do this ?
You don ' t need any visa .
Well , you may be without a job .
I think it is depends on the program .
You have to decide what you want to get out of this .
You should have no problem using the bag .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
I wouldn ' t give them detail about what you ' ll be doing , for who , or where .
Other than that you don ' t have a tax issue .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
It ' s all about diet and exercise .
I agree with the other comments .
But don ' t worry , it can come back fast .
English is really widespread , so that would be your best bet .
Unofficially it is not .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
If you haven ' t , you should .
The answer was a no .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
I think it is depends on the program .
I had the same problem as you .
Is this a scam ?
I don ' t think that word means what you think it means .
Yes , it was very much .
Body shape has a lot to do with it .
I think it would .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
It ' s not a good idea .
I don ' t see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever .
If you want to install it yourself , great .
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
I had the same problem as you .
There is no reason not to do them on the same day .
Do you have a car ?
) , but it is not .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
Not at all true .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You should do it .
I was in a similar situation .
I had the same problem as you .
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
There are 2 things you can do to make things less sticky :
If all of the money needs to be liquid , T-Bills from a broker are the way to go .
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
This is not a good idea .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
It ' s not a good idea .
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
If they want you to use a certain technique , then that ' s part of the training process .
I would even venture to say that it is THE question .
Couple of things to add :
This is not a good idea .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You don ' t want to alienate your coworkers .
You don ' t need to know everything .
What I mean by this is that you could be seeing the new normal .
Take a look at these :
Playdates do not have to be every day , although children may like it to be .
I think it probably depends on your money .
You don ' t have to worry .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
From personal experience , it depends on the child .
You can do it , too .
I am affraid there is not much you can do .
You certainly can and should ask for anything that is very important to you .
Depends a bit on your furnace .
The short answer is : it should not .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
Now , I have been in sports for 41 years .
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had .
My guess is that you don ' t have real cheese in your sandwich .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
This should not be an issue in big stations .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
There are two things to consider :
I think it probably depends on your money .
The short answer is : it should not .
You can buy it on amazon for $ 5 .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
There really isn ' t any good ways that I ' m aware of .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
Is this the kind of person you want to do business with ?
Yes , there is a rule against this .
I agree with the other comments .
I ' m assuming that the soil is frozen .
You don ' t need to know everything .
Do you have to wait ?
I ' ve done this in a similar situation .
I ' ve visted this site many a times , very interesting .
There are two things to consider :
How do you do that ?
It ' s pretty much up to you .
There are a few things you can do :
So my proposed answer is " yes " .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
From what I understand this is what you can do :
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
The answer was a no .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages :
In fact , depending on the law of your country , they may even be required to do so .
If that is the case then you cannot bury it .
I think it is the nanny state thing .
I do this as well .
It probably depends on the cut of meat .
You don ' t have to know .
Because this question is unanswered .
From what I understand this is what you can do :
That ' s what I believe .
Depends on the loan .
I ' d also tie a rope to the other end of the brush .
As far as I know there is no such law .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
You don ' t need to know everything .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
If you want to install it yourself , great .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Go to your local music stores and ask them .
If this is new , I would do this :
It sounds like you just undercooked them .
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check .
This will heavily depend on the specific country you are talking about .
I have the same thing .
I don ' t think you ' d want to use salt for a couple of reasons :
There are a few things you can do :
I ' ve done this in a similar situation .
If you ' re going to say " No " , do it as you ' re doing here .
You don ' t have to worry .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
If this is the case , you really don ' t need to be as worried about steak .
If they want you to use a certain technique , then that ' s part of the training process .
So I ' d take the time to decision stats with a grain of salt .
I don ' t think there ' s any reason other than historical chance .
Hope this is what you are looking for .
3 ) Just in case , there is always the possibility of post-traumatic memory loss .
I think something you might want to look at is a service called Dwolla .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
It sounds like you ' re feeding him before his nap .
It is a very low sound ?
Yes , there is a chemical difference .
Seal all the edges like your life depends on it .
You don ' t have to know .
There are a few possible reasons .
I have the same thing .
You will think you want to fret a not a lot harder than you actually need to .
It always works for me .
There are a few things you can do :
You can do it , too .
There are three options :
So think it in this way .
Take it to a professional .
Maybe this could work for you .
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want :
This is a very unusual request .
There is no maximum .
There is no reason to worry .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
This is not a good idea .
First of all I ' d like to clarify a few things :
If you do not have one that is fine , no one would expect you to have written much .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Seems your best bet would be to use resistance bands .
Microwave would be your best bet .
You don ' t have to worry .
You should do it .
In the US , it will depend on the school .
I had the same problem as you .
This is not necessarily an issue .
The more you do it , the faster you will be .
Personally , I would bring it up directly .
I agree with everything Reven said .
I don ' t think telling your boss you ' re not reading the email is a good strategy .
I think it probably depends on your money .
You don ' t have to know .
It ' s not a good idea .
You can do it , too .
You don ' t need to know everything .
I had the same problem , googled and found these solutions :
The key thing to realize here is that it ' s not your job to make people do their work .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
If you already own the generator I say go for it and try it out .
Treat it like you would ammunition .
i think it depends what you want :
You don ' t need to know everything .
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
I ' m a fan of http : / / www.writersbeat.com myself .
I ' m not a fan of the test kits .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
I think there isn ' t a general answer .
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you .
While I can ' t give a definitive answer , I can just say it ' s somewhat to very common .
If you haven ' t , you should .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
No , you do not NEED a bread machine .
There are a few things I think you should do .
I agree with Jolenealaska .
You will not be able to collect your bags , as there is no airside baggage claim in Oman .
I ' ve had this same problem .
I don ' t know of a residential use .
You CANNOT do this without rewiring .
It depends on what they are .
In the US , it will depend on the school .
This is not a good idea .
I think it is depends on the program .
I can think of two suggestions :
Depends on the loan .
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents .
There are a few things I think you should do .
There are a few things you can do :
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
Yes , there is at least one to my knowledge .
In the first case , I think it is quite common , as people come and go .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
There are a couple of options that you could consider :
I cannot say for sure , because I have not been in this particular place , but ...
I don ' t know of a residential use .
I have few suggestions for you :
You certainly can and should ask for anything that is very important to you .
You have a problem .
There are a few things I think you should do .
You don ' t have to worry .
I ' ve always had luck with VRBO.com .
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
The more detailed answer to this questions largely depends on where you go .
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals .
What matters to you is that the work is not getting done and the deadlines are in danger .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
I think it would .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
The best way to save on clothes is up to you .
Yes , you should make a résumé .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
Some things you might consider :
I have the same thing .
You shouldn ' t feel any obligation at all .
I ' ve had this same problem .
I was in a similar situation .
I think you really have to ask yourself if its worth it , the risk / reward .
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
I think you aren ' t far off .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You don ' t have to know .
English is really widespread , so that would be your best bet .
You may have to experiment and find what you like .
I think it would .
Yes , you can do it with a passive Y-splitter .
I know you didn ' t ask for screws , but they do tend to be the most practical solution .
This depends on what exactly you ' re applying for .
This is a great one ...
I have to add a few things to Randomman ' s answer :
One tool that can help you to control the frequency of your strokes is a tempo trainer .
The two things you can do to really help here are :
In the end , It ' s all about how you present it if questioned in an Interview .
Computer Science This really depends on the institution and the group .
To my knowledge , there ' s no time requirement .
Take a look at these :
There ' s nothing that you can do or not do to change that other person ' s wages .
I don ' t know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
No you are not .
Can you do this ?
There is no reason to worry .
You will have absolutely no issues .
It depends on how it ' s used .
It really depends on how the employer documents it .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
The key thing to realize here is that it ' s not your job to make people do their work .
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff .
If you have the ability , you can rearrange songs yourself .
I am not sure this is the right site for the question .
At the end of the day you have to make him work for you .
I think the answer that we don ' t know .
I think it is depends on the program .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
You can do it , too .
Here ' s the issue as I see it .
What kind of insulation is it ?
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
You don ' t need any visa .
I agree with the other comments .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
If you want to be a manager , that ' s another story .
This is not a good idea .
It depends entirely on your company and your contract .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
This is my recipe I translated from Italian website .
Not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .
It always works for me .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider .
When I was a kid , we used to run over them with the car .
You need to identify the source .
) , but it is not .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
There are two possible causes for this :
It very much depends on the grant in question .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
I was in a similar situation .
The professional way is to let them know that you are not intending to take the position offered .
Sure , you have advisors , but they can only guess what is going to be .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
They probably won ' t block your entry , as long as you pay the fine .
I think you ' ve pretty much done your review .
Couple of things to add :
I think it ' s fine to ask this question .
The answer depends on where you are .
You might want to check out the rasgueado technique .
I agree with the other comments .
Short Zen answer would be :
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
It rather depends on which country you ' re in .
It depends on how it ' s used .
I ' m of the same mind as SF .
The key thing to realize here is that it ' s not your job to make people do their work .
That way if someone finds where you were , they know the direction to look for you in .
Yes it will help .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
This question is answered on wikipedia :
Voltron is the name of the show you ' re looking for
You are on the right path .
This is a terrible idea .
I have the same thing .
I don ' t think it makes any tremendous difference .
If you haven ' t , you should .
Digital era threatens tenuous future of drive-ins
Jessica Lal murder convict Manu Sharma gets 15-day parole
UN to hold emergency DR Congo talks
Iran and IAEA resume nuclear talks
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
40 Still Missing in Deadly Canada Oil Train ...
Raghuram Rajan to step into eye of rupee storm
Iran Foreign Ministry to lead nuclear talks
De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor , succeeding Bloomberg
US presses Iraq on reports of arms deal with Iran
Narendra Modi appointed PM , swearing-in on May 26
Minn. man claims share of $ 448M Powerball jackpot
Driver backs into stroller with child , drives off
George Zimmerman arrested after disturbance call
Halliburton pleads guilty to destroying Gulf spill evidence
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
More MH17 bodies leave Ukraine
Lewis Hamilton holds off Nico Rosberg in thrilling Spanish Grand Prix
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
TSA drops effort to allow small knives on planes
Snowden leaves Moscow airport
Morsi supporters rally in Egypt , army shows muscle
US stocks edge up after positive economic reports
Bachelet set for big win in two-woman poll showdown
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court
Bangladesh sentences British , US citizen to hang
N Korea launches three short-range guided missiles
Obama Begins Africa Trip in Senegal
Beverly Hills demands Brunei sultan sell hotel
Britain aims to be first Western country to issue Islamic bond
Angelina Jolie ' s Aunt Dies Of Breast Cancer
Bangladesh factory collapse owners arrested
Apple files for ' iWatch ' trademark
Quick crossword - Friday 31st May
Assad Says Syria Will Allow Access to Chemical Sites
Maple Leafs Top Canadiens for 4th Straight Win
Benetton , new retailers to sign Bangladesh safety pact
Rolf Harris charged with child sex offences
Abdullah Abdullah widens lead in Afghan presidential vote
7.2 Quake Hits Central Philippines , Killing 6
Israel ' resumes Gaza offensive'
Berlusconi expelled from Italian Senate
Israel shoots down rocket near Egypt ' s border
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Obama Says He ' s Having a ' Great Time ' on Vacation
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Hong Kong rally organisers arrested
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt violence
Google agrees to sell Motorola to Lenovo
Scores dead , 1,000 injured in China earthquake
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Heavy smog hits north China city , flights cancelled
Bombs and Gun Battle Kill at Least 16 in Somali Capital
UN rights council launches Sri Lanka war crimes probe
North West mining royalties misused , says inquiry report
Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North
Pope Francis to make first visit to Holy Land
Chemicals weapons watchdog OPCW wins Nobel Peace Prize
Heineken H1 profits fall on lower sales volumes
UN to vote on MH17 resolution
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95 new
Mayawati demands president ' s rule in Kashmir
Quiz crossword - Friday 31st May
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Uganda ' s president signs anti-gay bill
Manchester City Win Premier League Title
Angelina Jolie ' s Aunt Dies Of Breast Cancer
Rocks , Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Iran and UN sign agreement on Syria assistance
U.N. inspectors arrive in Damascus on chemical weapons hunt
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast
Egypt ' freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
Man arrested outside John Kerry ' s house in US
Bryan Cranston WILL return as Walter White for Breaking Bad spin off , report claims
Six Cambodian opposition party members charged with insurrection
China army newspaper hits out at US ' s PRISM programme
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy ' s parliament
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Japan Upper House Vote to Set Ruling Bloc ' s Power
EDL leaders arrested during march to Woolwich
Mass grave outside Mexico City
Snowden ' s hopes of leaving airport dashed
AirAsia X hopes to raise up to $ 372 million from IPO
Obama signs bill aimed at blocking Iran ' s UN envoy
Death toll from Egypt political violence rises to 421
Thai Prime Minister To Dissolve Parliament
Michael Schumacher is in a STABLE condition - according to his manager Sabine Kehm
Turkish police storm Taksim Square
Conservative leader Abbott expected to win Australia election
Karzai Says Afghanistan will not be a Repeat of Iraq
Wing walker pilot die in crash at US air show
Child abuse videos will be wiped from web
Mandela laid to rest
Texas senator still filibustering abortion bill
RFK killer moved to new prison on anniversary of JFK assassination
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka
US Capitol in Washington in lockdown after shots fired
Two killed in Bahrain car explosion
Chemical arms watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize
Tropical Storm Andrea heading for North Florida
Syria hands over last of declared chemical weapons , monitor says
Egypt ' s Sisi sworn in as president
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
Ukraine says insurgents attack border guards
Suicide car bomb kills 30 in Baghdad cafe-police , medics
Obama pressures Republicans to raise debt ceiling , end shutdown
North Korea to restart Yongbyon nuclear reactor
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
British actor Bob Hoskins dies at 71
Venezuela ' s Maduro pledges continued alliance with Cuba
Obama sweats over sweaters during NY shopping stop
Stocks rise after Summers exits Fed race
Trayvon could have been me
Python kills security guard near Bali luxury hotel
Obama to Meet S ' Korean Leader
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
Suicide truck bomber kills 11 in northern Iraq
Suicide bomber kills 15 in central Somalia
Hundreds evacuated as Indonesia volcano erupts
Latest storm brings more snow to US East Coast
Aid gets to Philippines typhoon survivors
NTU drops to 82nd in world university rankings
Buddhist mob attacks mosque in Sri Lanka , 7 injured
Machete-wielding student aimed for carnage
Bangladesh building death toll tops 500
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
Manila charges Chinese on reef crash
Israel carries out routine missile test in Mediterranean
Boston Marathon bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Bangladesh court sentences 152 border guards to death over 2009 mutiny
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star Paul Walker dies in car crash at 40
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead
Turkey could deploy army to quell protests
Dame Vivienne Westwood joins fracking protesters
Sen. Mark Kirk announces support for same-sex marriage
Couple marry in the UK ' s first Scientology wedding
China launches longest-ever manned space mission
UK has ' paid a very high price ' in Afghanistan , says David Cameron
Russian opposition leader under house arrest
Two explosions at Boston marathon
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Syria opposition agrees to talks
Clegg and Farage are both ' quite extreme ' over Europe , says Cameron
Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 crashes on landing at San Francisco airport
Sweden court upholds arrest warrant for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange
Uganda ' s president signs anti-gay bill
Qatar ' s emir hands power to his son
Carlo Ancelotti named Real Madrid boss
Easing of concerns over Syria boosts global stocks
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
Egypt braces for ' Friday of anger ' after carnage
Divers find human remains on site of Italy cruise ship wreck
Nelson Mandela Leaves Hospital After 10 Days
Mobile home fire kills man , 5 kids in Ohio
Japanese politician arrested in China on drug charges
New York train derailment kills four , injures 70
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series
African nations press U.N. Security Council to suspend Kenya case
Microsoft announces 18,000 job cuts in reorganization
More than 1,000 inmates escape Libyan prison
Dutch couple kidnapped in Yemen appeals for release
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
Malaysia Airlines plane ' shot down ' in Ukraine
Philippines welcomes its 100 millionth citizen
US embassy in Israel celebrates Fourth of July
Microsoft CEO Ballmer to retire in a year
Protesters celebrate in Istanbul square
37 missing , two dead after boat sinks off Malaysia
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state
Manning says he is female , wants to live as a woman
Libya ' s former prosecutor general shot dead
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
Hagel Says U.S. Still Seeks ' International Coalition on Syria
Phil Mickelson wins British Open with superb final round
Bangladesh garment factory owners surrender to court over homicide charges
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
Bangladesh collapse death toll passes 620
Petkovic , Halep into French Open semis
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
Hezbollah leader vows to continue Syria fight
Israel PM says ground offensive in Gaza under way
IMF approves $ 17 billion loan for Ukraine
North Korea Warns Foreigners in South , Advising Evacuation
Abortion vote delayed amid debate Irish politicians will spend a second day debating divisive laws that will legislate for the first time for abortion in limited circumstances .
Israel hits back after rockets fired from Lebanon
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
Four dead in Navy Yard shooting
Everest avalanche kills six sherpas
Sectarian Clashes in Northern Lebanese City Kill 8
Taliban chief killed in Pakistan drone strike
Berlusconi expelled from Italian Senate
Obama to tap Charlotte mayor to run Transportation
Ferry sinks in collision in Philippines ; 24 dead
Divided Syria opposition debates joining peace talks
Daughter says Mick Jagger to be great-grandfather
Interpol issues arrest notice for ' white widow'
U.S. woman pleads guilty to killing 2 Ontario tourists
Obamas to Attend Mandela Memorial in Johannesburg
Pakistan freeing 7 more Taliban prisoners
California wildfire spreads into Yosemite National Park
North Korea releases Australian missionary
Cars , drivers plunge into river after Wash . I-5 bridge collapse
NFL Seeks $ 1.5M From M.I.A. Over Super Bowl Finger
4 Saudis held over Tanzania bombing
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
Israel confirms strike on Syria targeted weapons
West Indies too good for Bangladesh
'Trayvon could have been me'
Minimum alcohol pricing would save 860 lives a year , study finds
Iran ' s president-elect calls Israel a ' wound ' on Muslim world
Margaret Thatcher dies of stroke aged 87
Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000
Firefighters perish in Arizona blaza
France deports Tunisian accused of jihadist recruitment for Syria
Two members of Pussy Riot punk band arrested in Sochi
Adele named richest young musician
Tropical Storm Andrea approaches Fla . ' s Gulf Coast
UN invites Iran to Syria peace talks
Afghan President Delays Signing Deal with US
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Drone Strike Kills al-Shabab Militant in Somalia
Amazon ' s Bezos rescued by Ecuadorian Navy
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
Germany Crushes Brazil in World Cup Semifinal
Communist rebels ambush Philippine police , kill 7
Egypt ' s Morsi faces trial for prison break , murder , says prosecution
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty
US urges North Korea to release detainee
Turkish riot police move into Taksim Square - live updates
Bolshoi ballet chief confronts alleged attacker in court
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Legendary author Maya Angelou dies at age 86
Hollande ' threatens legal action ' after affair allegations
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
Egypt ' s Hosni Mubarak to be freed soon
British actor Bob Hoskins dies at 71
UN Syria inspectors head to alleged chemical attack site
Thai army declares martial law
Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium
Two dead after Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
Stocks higher at midday as Black Friday unfolds
Blast in Pakistani city of Peshawar kills 14
Nibali seals Tour de France win
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas
Scottish oil worker shot dead in Brazil
Jos . A. Bank buys Eddie Bauer
Brazil boss Luiz Felipe Scolari backs England to impress at 2014 World Cup
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
British woman dies on cross-channel charity swim
31 Dead , 90 Injured in China Marketplace Bombing
Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
Siemens boss to asked to leave firm after poor results
Rafael Nadal beats Novak Djokovic to win ninth French Open title
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
Twitter reports blocking in Venezuela
GOP Sen. Mark Kirk backs same-sex marriage
Fast-moving New Mexico blaze causes evacuations
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia ' s Sumatra - USGS
Kerry says doubling U.S. non-lethal aid to Syrian opposition
Egypt ' s Mubarak to be freed from jail , lawyer says
G7 leaders to ' move swiftly ' to impose new sanctions against Russia
Syrian opposition wants rebel backing for Geneva talks
US Supreme Court limits president ' s recess appointments power
Strongman Sisi sworn in as Egypts President
Three held over dissident republican activity
Obama Praises Mandela ' Inspiration'
China airs confession by detained blogger amid online rumor crackdown
Three women missing for a decade found alive in Cleveland home
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
Nazi War Criminal Dies at 100
Rolf Harris Faces Three More Assault Charges
One dead , eight missing after ships collide off Japan
Deutsche Telekom profit up , sees rebound in US
Thailand Trains to south halted by suspected bomb
Yakuza loans scandal claims second lender
Euro crisis is over , says France ' s Francois Hollande
What makes India vote ? Jaipur Lit Fest debates
Cyclone Phailin leaves trail of destruction , cyclone intensity weakens
Golden Dawn chief remanded in custody pending trial
'De-Americanised world needed after US shutdown'
Signals from missing Malaysia Airlines plane located in Vietnam
French troops pour into Central African Republic
Four Kenyans injured in South Sudan clashes
Pistorius neighbour ' heard screams'
Powerful blast causes injuries in Prague
Deal reached on Iran nuclear program
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Iran needs more nuclear power plants
Canadian actor August Schellenberg dies in Dallas
French Soldier Stabbed In The Neck In Paris
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction
Saudi Arabia declines United Nations Security Council seat
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
Italy ' s Letta names new government
Israel agrees to temporary Gaza humanitarian truce
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area
Three-year-old child among injured in Chicago shooting
Standard Chartered H1 net profit down 24 %
Clashes in Istanbul extend into night in Taksim
Code red sirens heard in Hof Ashkelon Regional Council
Dutch Experts Headed to MH17 Crash Site
US-Born Rossi Left off Italy ' s World Cup Squad
Goa building collapse death toll touches 15
Landmark Rwanda genocide trial opens in France
Russell whirlwind century stuns Tigers and sets up HPC win
Death Toll Hits 238 in Bangladeshi Building Collapse
Pak religious body endorses underage marriage
Building collapse in Philadelphia injures at least 12
JPMorgan to pay $ 1.7 billion to settle Madoff case
Nineteen wounded in shootings at Mother ' s Day parade in New Orleans
4 French journalists freed after 10 months in Syria
Treasury proposal sees 1.5 % increase in income tax
Russian Opposition Leader Navalny Detained Briefly In Moscow
Blast at Japan chemical plant kills 5 , injures 17
A US hijacker returns from Cuba
Holland loses triple-A credit rating
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Pawar sparks row with ' bogus voting ' remark
Malaysia Airlines flight shot down in eastern Ukraine
Pakistan PM in Kabul to discuss peace talks
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy will discuss how to boost employment , integrate social and economic policies
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
Shenzhen market fire kills 15
Bodies of beheaded fishermen found on boat
U.S. Extends Some Embassy Closures over Qaida Threat
AstraZeneca rejects ' final ' Pfizer offer
Putin soon to pardon tycoon Khodorkovsky
Riot police disperse protesters in Istanbul park
North Korea launches short-range missiles
Madagascar ' s Presidential Results Trickle In
Soldiers take part in fire drill in NE China
Anti-Hezbollah protester shot dead in Beirut
Ukraine doesn ' t respond to Russian ' provocation'
Hawaii Senate Passes Gay Marriage
South Sudan government , rebels set for New Year ' s Day talks
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria
Hezbollah commander killed outside Beirut home
Starbucks pays first UK corporation tax since 2009
Controversial cop who pepper-sprayed seated students during OWS protest seeks workers compensation for psychiatric injury
Philip Seymour Hoffman Found Dead With Needle in Arm
Turkish court ruling would block disputed park project
5 key Lao officials killed in plane crash
Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Russia ' s Channel One Journalist Killed in Ukraine ' s Donetsk
Afghans Tally Votes in Landmark Presidential Runoff Election
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
Turnout low , Egypt extends presidential vote a day
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria ' s chemical weapons
Egypt regime hails passage of new constituion
Four jailed for killing Roma in spree that shocked Hungary
Cambodian opposition retracts claim of election win
Twitter Prices IPO At $ 26 Per Share , Raising $ 1.82B
PSNI failed RUC officers , tribunal told
10 injured in San Francisco plane crash
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings
Belgian King Albert II to abdicate in favor of his son
Iranian Rial Climbs 10 Percent as Hopes Grow Over New President
Pistorius Pleads ' Not Guilty ' at Start of Murder Trial
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Malaysian plane ' s pilots under scrutiny
Boston bombing suspect captured
German Chancellor Angela Merkel reduces appointments after skiing accident
U.S. , Chinese warships nearly collide in South China Sea
Soldier stabbed in Paris
4 French journalists freed after 10 months in Syria
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
First book printed in America sells for record $ 14.2 million
White House statement on Crimean referendum
US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce
Australian government sticks to Huawei ban
UN chief boots Iran out of Syria peace talks
Anthony Weiner ' s campaign manager quits
Tornado hits Oklahoma City suburb
Daughter and son-in-law of elderly couple found buried in their back garden are charged with murder
Sisi sworn in as Egypt ' s president
Japanese planes flew into China ' s new defense zone
Russia Drops Charges Against 29 Greenpeace Crew
Taliban militants storm Pakistan prison , freeing hundreds of ' dangerous terrorists'
Brazil military rule torturer dead
Israel Accuses Syria of Using Chemical Weapons
Yale uni in lockdown after gunman sighted
'23 % have lost track of pension'
Australian PM says ' Very confident ' signals are from black box
Syrian opposition awaits invitation to Geneva peace talks
US Issues Travel Alert Over Al Qaeda Threat
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Mt Gox reveals 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoin haul
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
Mandela ' s condition has ' improved'
New York funeral planned for Conn. woman killed in Capitol car chase
Chinese lunar rover lands on moon
Florida US Rep. Bill Young dies at 82
Eurozone unemployment heading for 20 million
Cypriot Finance Minister Michalis Sarris resigns
Guests found dead in swimming pool at luxury hotel had drowned
4 injured in blast near Egypt ' s Sharqiya Military Intelligence HQ
Death toll rises in Pakistan church suicide bombing
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
Senate moves forward on immigration bill
Fox News anchor charged after airport arrest
Boy , 14 , arrested for sex attacks around a university campus
Philippe becomes king of Belgium
Australian spirits high says Clarke
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
Duchess of Cambridge and royal baby ' doing well'
Two planes nearly collide at central Vietnam airport
Israelis , Palestinians kick off peace talks
Welsh councils ' largely unprepared ' for scale of budget cuts
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
Bangladesh to allow unions for garment workers
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Dead in Jail Cell
Teen survives five-hour flight to Hawaii ' in airplane wheel well'
Carphone Warehouse and Dixons confirm all-share ' merger of equals'
Plane debris may have sunk
Spain opposition demands prime minister resign
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
Government approves prisoners ' release
Obama orders Syria ' gas attack ' inquiry
Two U.S. astronauts set to make Christmas Eve spacewalk for repair job
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
RF urges its partners to denounce Kiev authorities ' actions in Ukraine ' s southeast
'Dozens injured ' after Texas fertiliser plant explosion
Angkor Wat gets Google ' s street view
Mandela responding to treatment , says South Africa ' s Zuma
Former-FM Lieberman acquitted of allegations
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
Dozens still missing after Canada train blaze
Two confirmed dead after passenger jet crashes in San Francisco
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
Microsoft CEO Ballmer to retire within 12 months
Explosion hits fertilizer plant in Texas
17 Wounded in Shooting at New Orleans Parade
Democrat De Blasio takes Big Apple
Egypt ' s Interior Minister survives an assassination bid
World powers , Iran clinch ' historic ' nuclear deal
German ambassador ' s Athens residence shot at
Unmanned Russian rocket crashes after launch in Kazakhstan
Diana Nyad completes record swim on fifth try
US government shutdown begins - live updates
Afghanistan praised for historic elections
Kenya minister says 59 killed in mall attack
Two Slovaks Killed in Kabul Suicide Car Bomb
Palestinians celebrate prisoner release
Ukraine ' s jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free
Diplomats gather to plan Syria peace conference
Powerful earthquake hits off Chile , triggers tsunami
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
Snowboarder buried alive after ice tunnel on Mount Hood collapses as he was passing through it
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president
Two killed in Chile forest fire
US scientists awarded Nobel prize for chemistry for work on computer modelling
More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast
Bale scores on debut as Real Madrid draw at Villarreal
UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities
U.S. accuses Russia of sending tanks into eastern Ukraine
Toronto rapper Drake gets 4 Grammy nominations
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners over Kerry talks
South Korea to tax cosmetic surgery jobs , religious figures
Putin challenges US on Syria claims
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
Government approves prisoners ' release
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners as deal to resume peace talks emerges
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
At least 95 dead as Egypt declares State of Emergency
HM King Hamad Receives Hindu BAPS Delegation
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo
Pro-Russian Mob Attacks Prosecutor Office in Ukraine ' s Donetsk
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
Scores killed in Iraq attacks
Shingles vaccine for the elderly
UN gunships strike Ugandan Muslim rebels in DR Congo
Russia raises alarm over Israeli missile test in Mediterranean
U.S. warns North Korea against missile launch
Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Scientists hope comet-chaser spacecraft wakes up
Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport
Breaking : Comic actor Mel Smith dies of heart attack aged 60
Twitter unveils its IPO filing
Chidambaram questions IMF ' s growth projection
Co-op Bank Boss Quits Amid Moody ' s Downgrade
Putin calls for troops to be sent to Ukraine
U.S. stocks inch up after encouraging jobs reports
Myleene Klass makes DEC Philippines appeal
AstraZeneca pays $ 4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
World mourns South Africa peace icon Mandela
Search for pilot of NY Angel Flight resumes
Bangladesh sentences 152 to death for 2009 mutiny
Rousseff says Brazil can do better
Mandela not ' vegetative ' - govt
Sinaloa drug chief captured in Mexico
Britain Rules Out Military Action In Syria
Matt Smith quits BBC ' s Doctor Who
23 : 21 US Senate to vote on gun checks
Car bomb explodes in Beirut ' s Hezbollah stronghold
Russian protest leader denounces ' political ' trial
Arab Idol winner given hero ' s welcome in Gaza
Gunfire rocks DR Congo capital
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial
At least 239 people feared dead as Malaysian airlines jet vanishes off Vietnam
Two hundred missing in Philippines ferry disaster
Anti-China protests spread across Vietnam
Three possible motives behind Israel ' s recent airstrike on Syria
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
Nidal Hasan Guilty in 2009 Fort Hood Shooting Rampage
FTC accuses T-Mobile of charging its customers for fraudulent cell phone spam
Jury deliberates as Dana brother accused of sex abuse
Obama ' heartbroken ' at another Fort Hood shooting
Syria agrees to UN probe into chemical attack
Afghan Taliban attack near Kabul airport
Boeing jumbo jet plane lands at wrong airport
Death toll rises to 13 in Goa building collapse
Additional aid approved for Texas fertilizer plant blast
Thai protests escalate amid violence
Indian PM Singh to step down after 2014 elections
Three survive US-Canada bridge collapse
Gunmen in Nairobi launch attack on mall , kill 30
Death toll from typhoon Rammasun rises to 17 in China
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
Giant Wildfire Threatens Yosemite Park
Tokyo stocks close 0.49pc lower
Kerry Looks to China to Defuse Korea Tensions
All set for National Economic Forum Tuesday
White South Africans ' uneasy love affair with Mandela
Taiwan politicians scuffle over nuclear bill
Snowden , US intelligence whistleblower , nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Obama to Press China on Cybersecurity
Cable warns on Help to Buy ' bubble'
Facebook pulls beheading video
Connecticut adopts strictest gun control laws in US
UN to hold emergency DR Congo talks
Deadly explosions hit Boston Marathon in US
Taliban video shows handover of US soldier
Egypt ' s new consitution explained
Obama to visit Robben Island in Mandela tribute
Israel launches ground operation in Gaza
78 killed in Pak church bombing
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
Kerry in Egypt on first visit since Morsi ouster
Prince George christened by archbishop in London
Philippines readies for mass burials
Rallies demand ' Justice for Trayvon'
1000 Estimated Dead After Typhoon Rips Through Philippines
Sir Jon Cunliffe to join Bank of Engalnd as deputy governor
Mighty Mickelson wins Open at last
Death penalty for heroin traffickers in Vietnam
Sexual assault a ' scourge ' on US military , Hagel says
Saudi women ' s driving kicks off without arrests
Bomb in Damascus kills 13 day after attack on prime minister
UN warns of plight of women , children in Syria ' s Homs
Algeria ' s President Bouteflika in hospital
Nobel Prize-winning South African writer Nadine Gordimer dead at 90
Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership
Hagel , Dempsey face Congress over defense budget
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs
Two explosions rock Boston marathon at finishline
Cambodian opposition says poll irregularities worst ever
Mahathir resigns as adviser to Petronas
Crimea Votes to Leave Ukraine for Russia
Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead
Iran Nuclear Talks Conclude Without A Deal
Spain train-crash driver accused of ' recklessness'
Still no sign of Malaysian airline lost in unprecedented mystery
Petra Kvitova schools Eugenie Bouchard in Wimbledon women ' s final
N. Korea Deports Elderly American
Nelson Mandela making " amazing progress " as world celebrates his 95th birthday
Retiring cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar recieves India ' s highest civilian award
Taliban attack presidential palace in Afghanistan
Court clears Dana ' s brother of all counts of historic sex abuse
Jury in George Zimmerman trial faces tough task
Eurozone unemployment hits record-high 12.2 %
Turnout low , Egypt extends presidential vote a day
North Korea readying for fourth nuclear test
FAA approves Boeing Dreamliner battery system design
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner
Summers quits race for Fed job
South Sudan State Launches Army Recruitment Drive
No deal on Iran ' s nuclear program , despite ' concrete progress'
Egypt ' s Hosni Mubarak released from prison
Mandela ' s remains arrive in Mthatha before burial
South Korea expands its air defense zone in reaction to China
Mandela remembered by family , as stadium memorial service is planned
Conditions good for Costa Concordia righting attempt
Protests after George Zimmerman acquitted in Trayvon Martin case
China-Myanmar exchange ends in SW China
UN chief lauds awarding of Nobel Peace Prize to OPCW
Pope makes peace plea during Bethlehem visit
Poroshenko sworn in as Ukraine President
Dubai dazzles in global 2014 party , New Year welcomed with joy , fireworks
Amid Signs of Deal , Kerry Heads to Iran Nuke Talks
Obama holds talks over Syria action
Sharif stages comeback in landmark Pakistan election
Cheeki Rafiki found but no sign of crew
Peaches Geldof , daughter of Bob Geldof , dies
Why did British parliament vote against military action in Syria ?
Obama , Cameron ' no doubt ' Syria regime waged chem attacks
Seven dead in California college shooting
Iran makes proposal aimed at progress in nuclear talks
Syria Says U.N. Will Get Access to Site of Possible Chemical Attack
Bank of England holds rates as Mervyn King bows out
Crowds wait for verdict in Zimmerman trial
With bags of cash , CIA seeks influence in Afghanistan
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
Federal Judge Rules That Same-Sex Marriage Is Legal in Utah
Obama prepares for possible action against Syria
Mattel profit slumps as Barbie ' s appeal continues to fades
Crimea ' s Pro-Russian Parliament Approves Declaration On Independence
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
Immigration bill clears key vote and could be passed by Senate this week
Russian Parliament approves use of army in Ukraine
Syrian death toll has reached nearly 93,000 , says UN
Army overthrows Egyptian President Morsy
Australia sends troops to protect its embassy in Baghdad
President Obama to Seek Approval from Congress Before Taking Action in Syria
Iranian agency drops Rafsanjani remarks critical of Syrian government
Toyota , Honda , Nissan and Mazda recall 3 million Japanese cars after airbag fault
Shashi Tharoor admitted to AIIMS
New Year Celebrations around the World
Thai anti-government protest leader shot dead in Bangkok violence-police
Five dead , 40 missing in Canada train disaster
Hot Air Balloon ' Catches Fire And Crashes'
French leader to await US Congress vote on Syria
4 French journalists freed after 10 months in Syria
Obama to give major climate change speech
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
Stocks rise after Summers exits Fed race
Syria ' s PM escapes assassination try , regime says
Polls open in Afghanistan ' s presidential run-off election
29 Dead in 3 Days of Sudan Riots
George Zimmerman found not guily of Trayvon Martin murder
U.S. al-Qaeda raids in Somalia , Libya trigger backlash
US confirms use of chemical weapons by Syrian regime
Sri Lankan asylum seekers win temporary reprieve from Australia
Swedish Court Rules Wikileaks Founder to Remain in Detention
Nineteen hurt in Mother ' s Day shooting in New Orleans
Burma Promises To Free All Political Prisoners By Year ' s End
Obama holds out over Syria strikes
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
Sailors dead in India submarine blast
T.S.A. Officer Is Killed at Los Angeles Airport
5 die in Christian-Muslim clashes in Egypt
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council
Taliban claim deadly attack on Karachi airport
Maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll
South Africa remembers Nadine Gordimer
James Gandolfini of ' Sopranos ' fame dead at 51
21 elderly patients die in South Korean fire
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8
Egypts Muslim Brotherhood rejects Cabinet offer
Malaysia plane carrying 239 people missing
Malaysia Airlines flight missing
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma , 1 dead
Pope Francis arrives in Jordan
3 injured in gunmen attack in Kabul
7.2 quake hits central Philippines , killing 85
Turkish riot police fire tear gas at Istanbul protest
Turkey Protesters ' to Stay in Park ' Despite PM Concession
Libyan army chief resigns after clashes in Benghazi kill 31
Thousands join Victory Day march in Donetsk
Facebook content to take over entire homescreen
Titanic memorabilia fetches thousands at auction
Chinese premier solicits expert opinions on economic growth
Turkish police fire tear gas , water cannons to clear park
Divers pull bodies from sunken ferry ; toll tops 50
Afghan Taliban Releases Video Showing US Soldier Hand-Over
Afghan presidential election heads for a run-off in June
Obama arrives in Malaysia ; third stop on Asia tour
Yahoo ! promises Tumblr bloggers ' light ' advertising
As Mandela ' s Condition Improves , South Africa ' s Anxiety Remains
Tearful Oscar Pistorius apologises
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Osborne says not worried about house prices
Death Toll of China Quake Rises to 180 Dead
Wayne Rooney DID ask to leave Manchester United , Alex Ferguson reveals in new book
Ten rescued off Waterford , Dublin coasts
Cannes hotel raid nets 40 million gems
Putin declares Sochi Winter Paralympics open
Child prostitution raids rescue 105 young people
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
France takes tough line at Iran nuclear talks
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 Pakistani
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
Ukraine ' s parliament votes to dismiss president
Mandela spends third day in hospital
Google Now Has 1B Active Monthly Android Users
Flooding after heavy rain warning
Thai House dissolved , yet protests persist
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
Security Tight at Miss World Final in Indonesia
Syrians detonate bomb against Israeli patrol on Golan border
Snowden said to seek asylum in Ecuador , Iceland
Beijing-bound flight from Malaysia missing
Plane search focuses on debris
Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban
Obama , Hollande Hail Transformed US-French Relationship
Boston bombers bring echo of Chechnya ' s legacy of violence
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
3 blasts in Patna ahead of Modi ' s rally ; 1 dead , 5 injured
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
Qatar , Turkey and Iran condemn violence in Egypt
Bolivia vs. Europe over Snowden-linked plane delay
Woman dies after Newport shooting
Rival rallies disrupt start to Ramadan
Petra Kvitova wins Wimbledon women ' s title
Man arrested in car bomb plot at Kan. airport
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports ' incorrect'
Putin Defends Russian Action in Ukraine to Merkel
Funeral Service Held For Margaret Thatcher
Man killed in deadly terror attack in London street
Malaysian polls open in pivotal election
Egypt court bans all Muslim Brotherhood activities
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus
No winners in a war of sanctions
Brazil Protesters To March In 80 Cities
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
Merkel presses Putin to help calm Ukraine
BJP may win 5-7 seats in Delhi , opinion poll says
Rocky Road ahead for Egypt President-Elect Sisi
Murray first GB men ' s Wimbledon champion since 1936
China , EU reach settlement on solar panels
Cannes ' second jewellery heist in months
Egypt court sentences 102 Islamists to 10 years in jail
Putin ' not decided whether to send troops to Ukraine yet'
Thai capital ' s emergency center says 4 wounded in blast at anti-government protest site
Oscar Pistorius ' friend recounts gunshot incident at restaurant
Wife of India minister found dead after Twitter spat
US warms to Syria chemical amnesty plan
New York buildings collapse toll rises to seven
Iran nuke talks to be extended for 4 months
India inducts C-17Globemaster-III into IAF
World Cup hit by new stadium death
Egypt Calls for International Community to Act against Israel ' s Aggression on Gaza
Ukraine president ' s whereabouts unknown
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests
Hundreds besieged in Egypt ' s Fateh mosque
Three Israeli teens missing in West Bank
Ireland Exits Bailout With Last Tranche of IMF Aid
Israel agrees to ' humanitarian ' pause in air strikes ; 4 boys killed playing on Gaza beach
Greece reaches agreement with troika , bailout tranche expected within days
Indian village council orders gang-rape of woman as pun ...
North Korea severs FINAL link with South in new escalation of nuclear crisis
Prince William and wife Kate present the baby prince
Shootings at Mother ' s Day parade in US
Briton among 50 dead in Russia plane crash
China quake leaves 181 dead , 24 missing
China urges early action on Syria weapons deal
Missing Nigerian schoolgirls start second month in captivity
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live
France threatens Google with privacy fines
Direct military action will require a further Commons vote
Syrian gov ' t , opposition to meet in ' same room'
Pakistan , India Trade Fire Along Kashmir Border
Heathrow runways closed after BA plane makes emergency landing
Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
Egypt on brink as crowds mass
Jodi Arias jury to choose death penalty or life
Why Mitch McConnell Isn ' t as Doomed as This Poll Would Have You Believe
Royal baby ' s birth leaves grandfather Prince Charles " overjoyed " for William and Kate
The covert war in Pakistan
Obama hails Mandela ' s inspiration effect
Qantas bill heads to a hostile Senate
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
Rescue efforts continue in Korean ferry disaster
88yearold ND Tiwari marries mother of his biological son
Bangladesh to allow unions for garment workers
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Russia ' s Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader ' s special envoy
US issues global travel alert , citing-al Qaida
French release terror suspect but charge him for inciting racial hatred
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
Boko Haram Says Video Shows Missing Nigerian Girls
Oil prices mixed in Asia
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Aug 5
Top Asian News at 12 : 30 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News 7 : 48 a.m. GMT
China treasury bond futures open slightly lower Wednesday
Indian stocks open lower
Nurse First To Contract Ebola Outside Africa
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Aug 5
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Aug 5
Nigeria Confirms 2nd Ebola Case
IS jihadists kidnap 90 Christians in Syria : monitor
Inspired Nishikori ready for London ATP final
Top Asian News at 2 : 30 p.m. GMT
19 killed in Tunis museum attack
Oil prices down in Asian trade
Kerry Cautious Before New Iran Talks , Cites ' Important Gaps'
Gaza ' s summer training camps : ' No time left for playing ' Aug. 11 , 2015
Singapore shares open 0.28 % lower on Thursday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
Who Is Jihadi John ?
Target raises earnings forecast after profit rises
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Friday
Iraqi Shi ' ite militia kill dozens of Sunnis in mosque shooting
Twitter Sues Over Government Surveillance
China Hushen 300 index futures open higher Thursday
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
Top Asian News at 1 : 30 a.m. GMT
Iran , IAEA Officials Meet Ahead of March Nuclear Deadline
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4
Indian stocks close lower
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
Foreign exchange rates in India
Singapore shares open 0.35 % higher on Wednesday
Pakistan : Daily Emergency & amp ; Response Situational Information Report , 25 October 2014
Bombings kill 9 people in Iraqi capital
Your morning read for Sunday , September 6 , 2015 in Toronto
Top Asian News 1 : 25 p.m. GMT
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict ( October 7 - 21 , 2014 )
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared on Thursday
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Monday
World News Update , what you need to know
US Attorney General Holder resigns
U.S. , EU Widen Sanctions On Russia
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
Oil rises in Asian trade
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared on Thursday
Foreign exchange rates in India
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Monday
Top Asian News at 9 : 00 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 7 : 48 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 2 : 30 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 9 : 30 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 7 : 00 a.m. GMT
Avengers star Patrick Macnee dies
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
Your morning read for Sunday , July 19 , 2015 in Toronto
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Friday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Tuesday
Dead comet with skull face skims past Earth on Halloween
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse , officials vow
Oil prices rise further after gains in Asia
Latest from OSCE Special Monitoring Mission ( SMM ) to Ukraine , based on information received as of 19 : 30hrs , 16 October 2015
10 killed in Nigeria bombings
13 PKK rebels killed in Turkey ' s military operations
Egypt court postpones Morsi death sentence ruling
AT & amp ; T helped U.S. NSA in spying on Internet traffic : N.Y. Times
Top Asian News 11 : 42 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 11 : 42 a.m. GMT
Oil rises in Asian trade
Pope welcomed to Central African Republic
Shanghai stock indices close higher on Friday
Powerful earthquake hits eastern Japan
Facebook activates safety feature after Nigeria bombing
Avengers star Patrick Macnee dies aged 93
Canada ' s Batty , Pendrel win gold , silver in women ' s mountain bike
Isis brings its war to Lebanon - and it could be a key part of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi ' s masterplan
7.3-magnitude quake hits devastated Nepal
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
Cease-fire in Gaza ends
Suspected US drone strike kills 9 in Afghanistan Officials
Top Asian News at 9 : 00 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 1 : 25 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 1 : 00 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 1 : 00 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 4 : 00 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 4 : 00 p.m. GMT
Singapore shares open 0.35 % higher on Wednesday
Singapore shares open 0.83 % higher on Wednesday
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
At least 59 dead , 600 missing after massive mudslide in Guatemala
Nigeria declares national emergency over Ebola
Foreign exchange rates in Thailand
How much do you know about ISIS ?
Mali : Security Council Press Statement on Mali
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
22 killed in Iraq bombings
5 things to know for your New Day -- Friday , August 28
Ebola outbreak : Keep up to date
Chinese shares open higher Thursday
WHO : Ebola Death Toll Rises to 729
US Attorney General Holder resigns
Female suicide bomber kills two in Nigeria
US : Health Worker Tests Positive for Ebola
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
AbbVie Sours on $ 55B Shire Deal After Tax Changes
Austria Now Says Over 70 Bodies Thought to Be of Migrants Were in Truck
Sierra Leone declares state of emergency over Ebola ( Updated )
OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine Deputy Chief Monitor Alexander Hug to visit Donetsk
State Department to Release More of Hillary Clinton ' s Emails
Chinese yuan strengthens to 6.3665 against USD Tuesday
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
5 things you need to know Wednesday
6.1-magnitude quake hits Bay Area
U.S. to provide $ 351 million for Israel ' s Iron Dome
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak
China treasury bond futures close higher Monday
S. Korea cuts key rate as MERS emerges as threat to recovery
Deadly tornadoes strike central U.S .
Yemen rebels refuse to board plane for Geneva peace talks
Chinese yuan strengthens to 6.1318 against USD Wednesday
A tale of two fathers
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
7.0-magnitude quake hits 42km east of Tambo , Peru -- USGS
Nigerian President vows to hunt Mosque attackers
Islamic State militants raze Iraq ' s ancient Hatra city
Iran nuclear talks head into overtime
New UN peacekeeping chief named for Central African Republic
US launches airstrikes against ISIS
German intelligence recorded Clinton , Kerry calls
Hundreds dead as strong quake hits southwest China
Hundreds dead as strong quake hits southwest China
Iceland lowers aviation alert on volcano
Clinton apologises for use of private email account
S. Korea Reports 11th Death From MERS Outbreak
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills four in Upper Dir
17 killed as bus falls into gorge in Almora
Computer glitch grounds aeroplanes
occupied Palestinian territory : Saudi Arabia donates $ 12 million to aid Palestinian refugees
U.S. Ebola patient takes a turn for the worse
5.5-magnitude quake hits Indonesia -- USGS
At least 3 killed in Pakistan blast
Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal
Greece defers € 300m IMF payment
Top ISIS leader killed in airstrike
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market
Iran ' s parliament backs nuclear deal
17 Taliban killed in N. Afghanistan
Malaysia Airlines jet makes emergency landing in Australia after ' engine fire'
Turkish jets strike Kurds in Iraq , Islamic State in Syria
US-led air strike kills Al-Qaeda leader in Syria : Pentagon
Israeli Tanks Strike Gaza after Rocket Fired
Yemen separatists leave UN-sponsored talks
Sierra Leone to shut down for 3 days to slow Ebola
Israeli forces shoot , kill Palestinian attacker in West Bank
Greece defers € 300m IMF payment
Hong Kong stocks close 1.27 pct higher
Brazil to hold general elections on Sunday
How VW scandal could be diesel ' s death knell
Netanyahu : Iran Nuclear Deal Threatens Israel ' s Existence
Burundi police fire tear gas , beat anti-president protesters
Britain launches airstrikes on ISIS in Syria
Google ' s self-driving cars have had 11 accidents
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
Israeli forces detain 4 Palestinians at Aqsa compound sit-in
Ebola survivors ' blood on black market
Iraq bombings kill at least 26
Taiwan stocks close 0.77 pct lower
Tokyo shares open higher following overnight U.S. gains
EU and US. announce new sanctions on Russia over Ukraine
Ukraine Inspects Russian ' Aid ' Convoy
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
5.5-magnitude quake hits western Iran
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
Tianjin warehouse blast death toll rises to 104
Jim Carrey ' s girlfriend found dead , suicide suspected
Russia takes bit out of McDonald ' s
Oil falls in Asian trade
Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron
Hong Kong ' s protesters aren ' t backing down
Police and protesters clash in Hong Kong
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
Hajj to go ahead after Mecca crane collapse kills 107
Students killed in Berkeley balcony collapse mourned in Ireland
12 Killed in Roadside Bombings in Afghanistan
Secretary Kerry Travel to Baghdad , Iraq
Live TV Now Drive it ! 03 : 00 UTC DW News
Gaza ceasefire takes hold as focus turns to longer term
7.3-magnitude quake hits devastated Nepal
Nigeria dispels rumour of more Ebola cases
Driver hits pedestrians in Jerusalem
Avengers star Patrick Macnee dies
China stocks close higher on Monday
Soldier killed in Canada shooting
Two killed in suspected Boko Haram attacks on voters in NE Nigeria
Kenyan Kimetto breaks marathon world record
North Korean soldier walks across DMZ in bid to defect to South
US stocks mixed in midday trading
US STOCKS-Wall St up 1 pct as China fears ease
IED attack kills police chief in Iraq ' s Anbar
Chinese premier holds talks with German chancellor
Thousands of Syrian Kurds flee to Turkey as IS advances
China : At least 150 dead , 180 missing in SW China quake
Hundreds of rescued migrants and refugees arrive in Cagliari
4 killed , several injured in SW China car accident
Protest erupts during World Indigenous Games in Brazil
Syrian Arab Republic : Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator , Valerie Amos : Security Council Briefing on Syria - New York , 26 March 2015
Ebola death toll rises to 887 : WHO
Six civilians killed in fresh fighting in eastern Ukraine
Israeli forces arrest 12 Palestinians in West Bank
Army air strikes kill 28 militants in NW Pakistan
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean
Boston bombing jury to hear closing arguments , begin guilt deliberations
Germanwings flight 4U9525 Co-pilot was once treated for suicidal tendencies
Floyd Mayweather beats Manny Pacquiao in unanimous decision
Palestinian factions release demands for Gaza ceasefire
7.3 magnitude earthquake hits Nepal , close to Everest
New UN peacekeeping chief named for Central African Republic
Typhoon to bring rain to Philippines
Group : Israeli forces detain 11 Palestinians overnight , 152 last week
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP
EU ready to impose tougher sanctions on Russia
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy ' s final ...
North Korea says talks with South ' all but scrapped'
P132B tagged for climate change
Investigators probe deadly Russian airliner crash in Egypt
Air strikes kill 18 militants in S. Afghanistan
Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight , clash with locals
13 killed in Afgan terror attack
4 dead , 3 injured in east China road accident
US launches strikes around Iraq ' s Haditha Dam
Rev ' s Early Reads : March 2
Markets Live : Waiting for China data
Afghan poll rivals sign unity government deal
Nepal quake death toll tops 3,700 , almost 7,000 injured
Palestinians , Israeli police clash at Jerusalem ' s al-Aqsa
QPR beats Aston Villa 2-0 in Premier League
Paris attacks kill more than 100
Paris attacks : What you need to know
Ebola outbreak : Keep up to date
Tropical Storm Bill advances toward Texas coast
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24
Strong earthquake hits Northern Afghanistan
Two killed , four wounded in US school shooting
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
Hong Kong democrats stick to their guns as reform vote looms
The end of the Hong Kong protests ?
19 killed in Pakistan bus attack
Burkina coup leader given ultimatum
Typhoon Mujigae pounds south China , killing nine
Boston bombing jury to hear closing arguments , begin guilt deliberations
Kerry : Egypt key in fight against Islamic State
Tropical Storm Fung-Wong Inundates Philippines
Putin accuses Turkey of helping ISIS , calls for international anti-terror front
New Zealand beat South Africa to reach World Cup final
No police dashcams in Ferguson
6 Afghan police killed in blast
Australia Holds Memorial Service For MH17 Victims
Bali arrest over attempted schoolie rape
10,000 flee homes as typhoon hits Philippines
Greek PM summoned to Brussels for debt deal talks
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria
Police : Indiana suspect hints at more killings
Thousands of Hungarians protest against tax on Internet traffic
Indian police arrest 4 over rape of nun
4 Turkish soldiers wounded in PKK attack
German Authorities Release Al Jazeera ' s Ahmed Mansour - Al Jazeera
Judge orders Kentucky clerk to issue marriage licenses
Israel , Hamas accept Egyptian cease-fire proposal
China Hushen 300 index futures open higher Thursday
EU plans no new sanctions against Russia
Prosecutors : Germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies
Obama to close historic Kenya visit with national address
Kentucky clerk jailed over refusing marriage licenses
Toxic liquor death toll reaches 27
Toyota to invest $ 1 billion in AI research
Iraq : Iraq Crisis Situation Report # 24 , 1 August 2015
Islamic State Claims Beheading of British Hostage
Chinese shares close lower Thursday
Prince William issues appeal to Fifa
Japan imposes sanctions on Russia over Ukraine
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Myanmar ferry capsizes ; 33 dead , at least a dozen missing
Ukraine : Ukraine : Situation Report No. 15 as of 10 October 2014
Egypt has paid back $ 500m to Qatar
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack
5.2-magnitude quake hits Tibet
Two killed , four wounded in Washington state school shooting
Riyadh Conference : Day 1
Hong Kong stocks open higher
Live Blog : Ukraine In Crisis
6.8-magnitude earthquake strikes Chile
The views of British Labour favourite Jeremy Corbyn
Critical moment for Hong Kong protests
Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters at sensitive Jerusalem holy site
Sierra Leone ' s vice president at home : spokesman
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
Eurozone leaders thrash out Greece bailout deal
Egyptian court adjourns trial of Al Jazeera journalists to March 25
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour
See the Stunning New Images of Pluto
Suicide bomber kills 21 in Nigeria
Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard released from U.S. prison after 30 years
Pentagon : U.S. general killed in Afghanistan
It ' s Djokovic again in China Open
Japan ' s Prime Minister Goes to US to Showcase Close Ties
Marco Rubio steals the show
Pope canonizes 2 Palestinians
China lodges protest with U.S. on warship patrol in South China Sea
Iraqi forces retake 2 military bases in Anbar
Saudi-led air strikes kill dozens in Yemen
3 killed , 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings
Manchester United 3-1 Barcelona
India beefs up security post blast at Pakistan side of Wagah border
Micronesia vice president to visit China
Senate to hold one more vote on Iran nuclear deal
Islamic State militants raze Iraq ' s ancient Hatra city
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
Hillary Clinton Pledges to Campaign for Female Democratic Candidates
Islamic State claims responsibility for killing Japanese man in Bangladesh
45 killed in Pakistan bomb attack
Chinese shares close higher Monday
Hundreds of Iranian troops mass in Syria
Ukraine : Ukraine : Situation Report No.17 as of 24 October 2014
EU Tightens Sanctions Against Russia
Hillary Clinton to turn over her private email server
Israel troops kill 2 Palestinian suspects in teens ' murder
US nurse sues over Ebola quarantine
Typhoon swipes eastern China
U.S. to screen air passengers from West Africa for Ebola
Burundi police fire tear gas , beat anti-president protesters
People found locked in a container at Harwich port
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan
Teenager tests negative for Ebola
7.3-magnitude quake hits devastated Nepal
Texas sues over Syrian refugees
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
occupied Palestinian territory : Israeli Forces Kill Palestinian Civilian and Wound another One South of Nablus
Britain set to approve airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq
US Drone Strike Kills Senior IS Militant
Death toll form Nepal ' s deadly quake soars to 8,413
World , Dallas health worker tests positive for Ebola
China manufacturing shows signs of stabilizing in October
Typhoon to bring rain to Philippines
Burkina coup leader wants elections ' soon'
Mediators win Nobel Peace Prize
Ten charged over child abuse in Manchester
5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza
Djokovic claims 6th China Open title
Fierce battle rages for Kobani
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
Sinai crash victims arrive in Russia
Asian shares follow Wall St higher but China fears linger
Islamic State militants kill 14 Iraqi soldiers
Rebel weaponry cut back in eastern Ukraine
Turkey ' s Erdogan Wondering about Russian Action in Syria
Chinese premier meets Armenian president
Four dead as super storm lashes Australian east coast
Rescuers rush to save survivors after Mount Everest avalanche
Australian surfer bitten after landing on shark
Palestinian unity key to Gaza reconstruction
Nepal earthquake death toll tops 3,350
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast
Coast Guard ends search for 33 missing crew members
Donald Trump doesn ' t bow on Megyn Kelly controversy
Roy Hodgson promises England will definitely qualify for Euro 2016
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem
Waba emerges new NLC president
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens
Hong Kong stocks open higher
Israel police clash with Palestinians at Jerusalem holy site
Egypt : IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
Iran , six powers demand mutual concessions in tense nuclear talks
Japan economy contracted 1.2 percent in April-June quarter
Your letters : Your letters Hong Kong protects domestic helpers
occupied Palestinian territory : Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt
Contributing Op-Ed Writer : Vladimir Putin ' s Guide to World History
Car bomb attacks kill 57 people in Iraq : police
5 US airstrikes target Islamic State fighters
Tunisia museum attackers ' trained ' in Libya
Typhoon Koppu smashes into northern Philippines
Greek finance minister says some election vows can be put off
Africa : China in Support of Africa ' s Development
South Carolina removes Confederate flag from state capitol
French doctor sick with Ebola in Liberia
Erdogan wins Turkish presidential election in Turkey
Markets Live : Waiting for China data
US Stocks Climb Higher in Early Trading
Federal money starts to flow for Syrian refugees
occupied Palestinian territory : Hamas demands Israel free 54 Palestinians before new talks
Germany urges its partners , Iran to grab nuclear deal
Iran says new sanctions will make nuclear agreement difficult
Missing Ashya : Arrest Warrant Issued For Parents
Chad kills 200 Boko Haram militants in Nigeria : report
occupied Palestinian territory : Israeli troops kill Palestinian who stabbed civilian in West Bank : army
Second American aid worker with Ebola arrives in US
Libya : UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise
Holder Asks For Federal Autopsy on Missouri Teen
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
US STOCKS-Wall St opens higher ahead of Fed statement
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
Ebola patient not asked about travel
Israeli air strike targets Hamas in response to rocket attack
Hong Kong protesters on hunger strike after violent clashes
South Korea declares de facto end to MERS outbreak
Egypt : IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
Liberia Discharges Last Ebola Patient
Terrorists Attack University in Kenya
Israel and Hamas agree new truce
China struggles to halt stock market slide
Pope Francis Faces New Challenge in Cuba
US , Iran see progress in nuclear talks , but ways to go
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
Ebola health workers go on strike in Sierra Leona
Israel , Hamas agree to 72-hour truce
Iran nuclear talks enter their final day
Hungarian FM to visit China
Bomb blasts at Hindu temple in Bangladesh , 10 injured
NFF Congress sues for peace
Obama : Ebola outbreak also a security threat
Baltimore police enforce curfew following riots
Kerry : Egypt key in fight against Islamic State
Iran appoints first woman ambassador since revolution
It ' s Jason Day and Everyone Else at BMW Championship
Jeremy Clarkson ' s future on Top Gear thrown into further doubt
At least 30 fighters killed in Syrian city of Kobani
European Commission proceedings against Malta ...
Malala seeks to come Pakistan , join politics
Ashya ' s Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing
Hong Kong police arrest 9 , seize explosive materials
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case
IDF jeep overturns , kills Palestinian in West Bank clashes
Voting begins in Fifa presidential elections
Turkey identifies suspect in suicide attack
Gunmen kill 8 laborers in southwest Pakistan
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border
Russian Military Trucks on Ship Bound for Syria
Israel : We didn ' t spy on Iran nuclear talks
Why Hong Kong ' s protests are a big deal
Strong 6.0-magnitude quake hits northern California
Rouhani felicitates Ghana president
At least 17 killed , 400 injured in massive Tianjin blasts
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
Liberia president describes heavy cost of Ebola
6.0-magnitude quake hits Indonesia -- USGS
Iran nuclear talks extended for another day
Australia beat Ireland at Stormont
John Kerry urges talks to ease China Sea tensions
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
Greece nears bailout deal
FM congratulates Erdogan on election victory
Hong Kong Protesters Pull Back From Some Areas
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
Hong Kong protests escalate
Islamic State militants kill 15 Iraqi police near Syrian border
5 killed in Kurdish militant attacks in southeast Turkey
Brazil presidential candidate dies in plane crash
China , Africa to strength health cooperation
Oil prices rise after Chinese trade data
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
US Senate votes to advance Iran nuclear review bill
Islamic State smashes Iraqi history with sledgehammers
China warns against ' immoral ' art
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash
Merkel : Taking in migrants is right thing to do
Donald Trump Ebola tweet sparks outcry
Ashley Madison users facing extortion threats
Euro ministers set to launch Greek bailout , wooing IMF on debt
Islamic State fighters and force allied with Tripoli clash in central Libya
U.S. involved in seven air strikes on Islamic State targets
Pope Francis urges Congress to embrace migrants
Govt. to hold talks with FTII students
3 Indian officials suspended after lynching of rape suspect
Li Na to announce retirement
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
Five killed , 40 injured in suicide attack in Lahore
Islamic State destroys ancient shrines in Syria ' s Palmyra city
Highway Patrol take over policing Ferguson and HUG protesters
469 Israelis petition Spain to recognize a Palestine state
Scientists prove there is water on Mars
Cameron in Beirut over Refugee Crisis
Iranian President praises nuclear deal
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections
China ' s March non-manufacturing PMI dips
Foreign Office names repatriated Tunisia victims
FIFA chief Sepp Blatter now ' in the crosshairs'
South Korea regrets North ' s refusal of talks
Iraq launches attack to retake Tikrit from IS
Chinese president holds talks with Angolan president
7 Chinese confirmed dead in Bangkok blast
Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night
Obama to Get Briefing on Military Plan against Islamic State
Four US marines killed in attack on military facilities
Vote to allow Palestine flag to fly at UN headquarters
Editors from around the world urge Turkey to protect media
Russian forces spotted in Donetsk and Luhansk , says Ukrainian colonel
Agency releases its report of train disaster in Quebec
Stocks rise as China fears ease ; oil recovers
Cameron urges more action on migrants crisis after Calais chaos
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal
China ' s generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia
Khaleda Zia granted bail in graft cases
Historic nuclear deal reached ; Iran no longer under sanction
UN chief appeals for calm in Jerusalem
Global markets brace for short-term hit after Paris attacks
British singer Cliff Richard interviewed by police
Greek banks reopen as government eyes return to normalcy
Asian markets up after Fed minutes
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases
Hawks equal franchise wins record
Metro police to get fresh training in crowd handling at police academy
One North Korean defector wants to return home - and is forbidden
France pushes U.N. to support fight against Islamic State
Iran FM arrives in Najaf
US demands rescue of Asian migrants adrift at sea
Hong Kong protests weighing on global markets
Iran : Messages exchanged with US over battle against Islamic State
Saudi-led air strikes in Yemen , raids kill more than 90
Obama calls for international front against IS
Islamic State raises flag on eastern side of Kobani
1 American killed , 1 hurt in Saudi gas station shooting
US stocks open higher as investors wait on Fed
U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria , Iraq
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport ?
UK : Jets doing reconnaissance , ready to strike in Iraq
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
Obama tries to sell plan to defeat Islamic State
Iraqi troops , militias repel IS attacks in Anbar province
Seven killed as New York train hits vehicle
Thousands protest government policy in Nazareth , call for Palestinian state
Parliament reappoints Libyan Prime Minister
Spain Ebola patient at ' serious risk ' of dying
6 injured as blast hits train in South Pakistan
Poroshenko : Association Agreement will be ratified in September
Netanyahu bars ministers from visiting Jerusalem holy site
Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin
US man convicted over web suicides
Estimated 6,500 injured in deck collapses since 2003
Britain beat Australia for first time in 17 years
Scotland decides to stop funding Queen via Scottish crown estate
Russia denounces arrival of U.S. military trainers in Ukraine
Ebola UK : NHS staff ' panicked ' after suspected Ebola cases
U.S. senator calls for soccer corruption report to be made public
'Many dead ' in Egypt plane crash
French FM : Still no guarantees on verifiable Iran nuclear deal
Pakistan rejects India ' s claim on Kashmir
Passenger Jet Crashes Near Tehran Airport
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria
Nepal earthquake death toll rises sharply amid aftershocks
Philippines , Canada pledge to further boost relations
Migrants storm Budapest train station
Israeli ' cult ' leader faces prison for sexual offences
Contribute to nation building - Cyril
Nigeria releases detained Al-Jazeera journalists : TV
Safety fears over Chinese chemical blasts in Tianjin
Israel bars Palestinians from Jerusalem ' s Old City
Russia calls the shots
British woman dies in Australia crash
German envoy : Nations ready to move beyond Iran sanctions
President responds to girl ' s euthanasia plea
More Chinese relief aid sent to Myanmar flood victims
'Life on planet at stake ' , France warns as climate ministers meet
Will ' warrior king ' take out election ?
How much do you know about Secret Service ?
Burundi says demos against president ' s candidacy are over
Alexander Lukashenko wins Belarus presidential race
Putin Takes on Syria
Turkey ' s election : Tyrant or steadying hand ?
Man in serious condition after Ballyfermot shooting
Israel soldiers , Palestinians clash on ' Nakba ' day .
NAACP leader lying about being black , mother says
Russia Sues Germany Over Mulino Training Ground Contract Disruption
Muhammadu Buhari takes over Nigeria in crisis
US stocks rise at midday ahead of Fed statement
Hillary Clinton delivers remarks in South Carolina
Soldiers killed in Taliban attack in Kabul
Ferguson unrest : Protest marks two weeks since police shooting
Hungary drops controversial border ' transit zone ' plan for migrants
N. Korea agrees to talks with South
Bill Clinton appears in virtual-reality movie on Africa
Fears Australian extremism could escalate
Somalia car bomb kills 7 near presidential palace : police
US , allies say conduct 15 air strikes in Syria and Iraq
Drone footage of Manchester fire
Team seeks anyone who encountered Ebola patient
2 alleged NPA rebels killed in Bukidnon
Youngest Chinese hacker is a teenager
Mob throws stones at Pakistan convoy
China , Africa to strength health cooperation
Death toll rises to 19 on Malaysia ' s mount Kinabalu after quake : official
Top Iranian general , Hezbollah lead Iraq ground war
Bangladeshi Jamaat leader loses appeal against hanging
Hong Kong Police Arrest Dozens of Student Protesters
Michael Brown shooting : Family lawyer suggests 18-year-old was ' surrendering'
Palace up to sixth after victory at Watford
Iran , a large important partner for Russia : Novak
Global pressure on US to loosen oil exports ban
US and Iran positive after nuclear talks
Taiwan ' s president charters plane to pay respects to Lee
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
Minister urges Malayalis in Yemen to return
China home prices rise for second month in June
Egypt Court Declares Palestinian Movement Hamas ' Terrorist'
Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers
Female soldier strip-searches 2 Palestinian women in Beit Ummar
Australian Grand Prix : Lewis Hamilton takes the honours in style
Obama secures key vote to protect Iran nuclear deal in U.S. Congress
Narendra Modi ' photoshopped ' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral
Myanmar education activists arrested
Ted Cruz : Donald Trump won ' t be GOP nominee
Glasgow votes ' yes ' to Scottish independence
Mourners March to Commemorate French Bus Crash Victims
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea
Netanyahu says will use ' all means ' to end Palestinian violence
Starbucks encourages baristas to talk race
Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume
7 foreigners , 1 Tunisian dead in museum shooting attack
Pakistan executions draw international ire
Philippines confirms nurse infected with Mers
Brazil to elect president today in run-off vote
Obama : ' No excuse ' for violence
Obama begins meeting with Raul Castro in Panama
Liberty president calls for an armed Christian campus
Israeli defense minister in US after spat over Kerry remarks
Search resumes for missing in Brazil mine mudslide
Tony Blair Denies Saying Miliband Can ' t Win
North Korea starts huge military parade
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak
US pledges more military support to Somalia
Pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations
Nuns ' mission in Pakistan
Philippines seeks US help in stopping China land reclamation
Eastern Europe turns down refugee plan
Fireman killed in south China
Asian stocks mostly down on weak data , commodity prices
Volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river
6 killed in school stampede in China
France shuts mosque , arrests man in crackdown after attacks
Syrian refugees not welcome in 30 U.S. states
US Vice President ' s son dies
Train rams SUV , killing 13 in eastern India
Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt
Du Preez drives Springboks into World Cup semi-finals
U.S.-led coalition conducts 25 air strikes against Islamic State militants
British Parliament Backs Airstrikes Against ISIS in Iraq
Iraq launches operation to retake Tikrit from Islamic State
Amit Jain named president of Uber India
Three Somalis killed in attack on UN convoy in capital
Japan continues to insist on its rights for Senkaku Islands
Hundreds reportedly attend burial for Danish gunman
Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain
Netanyahu Looks for Alternative Approaches to Peace Talks
Strong quake kills 367 in southern China
Italy warns of Libya threat as pressure for action grows
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
Pistorius lashes out ahead of verdict
Nurse With Ebola Appears on Camera Before Leaving Dallas Hospital
Children among bombardment victims in Syria
Nato shunned as France calls on EU to destroy Islamic State
Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes
President heading to Bahrain
Venezuela ' s President Concedes Defeat
U.S. stocks open lower after rally
US surveillance powers set to lapse after Senate vote
China , India vow to further bilateral ties
Tsarnaev jury to begin deliberations
Gunmen kill 20 laborers in SW Pakistan : officials
China to put 81-year-old writer on trial : lawyer
Boko Haram : Traders commend FG / Boko Haram ceasefire
Ukraine city readies for rebel advance
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast
Obama is right : Africa deserves better leadership
Man , 20 , kills 13 in Oregon college shooting
German minister lands in Iran with trade team
Felline pips Aussie Matthews in Basque sprint finish
Attack on Canadian parliament : Soldier , shooter killed
Turkey slams Russian missile launcher ' provocation'
Obama addresses plight of Christians in Mideast
US is most popular destination for Chinese travelers
Does Biden have what it takes to compete in New Hampshire ?
'Framework ' for Final Deal Reached at Iran Nuclear Talks
Spain won ' t commit to taking in more migrants
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
Kerry aims to calm South China Sea tensions
Ebola outbreak an ' international emergency ' - World Health Organisation
Nigeria reaches deal with Boko Haram over abducted girls : source
Putin spokesman : Doping charges appear unfounded
Six dead , 33 injured in China firework plant explosion
Pakistan will not allow NGOs working against national interest : Nisar
New video shows US police officers beating mentally-ill man
'Hundreds arrested ' in Burundi amid political unrest
All nine on board die in Alaska crash of excursion plane
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
This general three-step process can be used to solve a problem : 1 .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
The typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
The methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Memoization is used in order to save time the solutions are stored rather than be recomputed .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
The correct answer can be computed using Bayes ' theorem .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
There are two main approaches for dynamic programming .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Like divide and conquer , Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining solutions to sub-problems .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
They do not have to be written in a computer language .
For instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Programming means finding a plan of action .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Typically , terms are single words , keywords , or sometimes even longer phrases .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
Programming means finding a plan of action .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Dynamic programming is a problem-solving method which solves recursive problems .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Firstly , long documents are represented badly because they have poor similarity values .
With little or no modification , it is intended to help reuse existing code .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
The actual Google PageRank algorithm is much more complex than this , but follows the same underlying principles .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
For example , a schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a programme .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .
A document is represented as a vector .
For instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The PageRank is derived from a theoretical probability value on a logarithmic scale like the Richter Scale .
A page that is linked to by many pages with high PageRank receives a high rank itself .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Animals can be treated ( cast ) to living things .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
It is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
Generlisation also some time known as inheritance .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The PageRank is computed iteratively , and it is found that the PageRank values converge fairly rapidly .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
In general , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process : 1 .
Compute the optimal solution values either top-down ( with caching ) , or bottom-up using a table 4 .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
A document is represented as a vector .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
To derive the theorem , we begin with the definition of conditional probability .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
For instance , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
A document can be represented as a vector .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Other possible uses for vector space models are indexing and also to rank the relevancy of differing documents .
For example ; a person may be observed to have certain symptoms .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Its first use was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A 0.5 probability is commonly expressed as a " 50 % chance " of something happening .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Also , looking up the solution when a sub-problem is encountered again helps reduce computation .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
This method is used in the Google Toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to Google .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Its first use was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
These subproblems are not , however , independent .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
Lucky Joe likes to predict the colour of the ball he selects and he is 80 % accurate .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively .
The methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
The methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Google owns exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
This meant that the sum of all pages was the total number of pages on the web .
Using the vector space model for Information Retrieval models all pages and queries as high-dimensional sparse vectors .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Its applications include information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
Google owns exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
For example : a patient might be observed to show certain symptoms .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action , an algorithm .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
With each separate term corresponding to the differing dimensions .
They do not have to be written in a computer language .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Whilst Bayesians describe probabilities in terms of beliefs and degrees of uncertainty .
With little or no modification , it is intended to help reuse existing code .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
The correct answer can be computed using Bayes ' theorem .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Outbound , links from your page to others .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
When one class inherits from another class , all the public variables and methods are available to the subclass .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
A page that is linked to by many pages with high PageRank receives a high rank itself .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Normally a term is a single word , keyword , or a longer phrase .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Outbound , links from your page to others .
The method is more effiecent than naive methods .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
A hyperlink to a page counts as a vote of support .
This method is used in the Google Toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to Google .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
The method is more effiecent than naive methods .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
Other possible uses for vector space models are indexing and also to rank the relevancy of differing documents .
There are four steps in Dynamic Programming : 1 .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
The correct answer can be computed using Bayes ' theorem .
One example is the computing of the shortest path to a goal from a vertex in a graph .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
of the pages providing the links .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the University of Stanford and not to Google .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
In a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
The definition of term depends on the application .
Break up the problem different smaller subproblems .
This meant that the sum of all pages was the total number of pages on the web .
Inheritance is a method of forming new classes using predefined classes .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The main problem is divided into sub problems which are solved and stored for future use .
What is the probability this student is female ? ”
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
So the same rule applies with keywords and indeed longer phrases .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Dynamic Programming is an algorithm design technique used for optimisation problems , such as minimising or maximising .
Animals can be treated ( cast ) to living things .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
This method is far more efficient than recalculating and therefore considerably reduces computation .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
This general three-step process can be used to solve a problem : 1 .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
Typically , terms are single words , keywords , or sometimes even longer phrases .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Using the vector space model for Information Retrieval models all pages and queries as high-dimensional sparse vectors .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
of the pages providing the links .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
They do not have to be written in a computer language .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
The algorithm may be applied to any numbr of entities with reciprocal quotations and references .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
Nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the University of Stanford and not to Google .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Memoization is used in order to save time the solutions are stored rather than be recomputed .
Typically , terms are single words , keywords , or sometimes even longer phrases .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
Using the vector space model for Information Retrieval models all pages and queries as high-dimensional sparse vectors .
When any sub-problem is met again , it can be found and re-used to solve another problem .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
If there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
This method is used in the Google Toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to Google .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
A probability is expressed as a numeric value between 0 and 1 .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
What is the probability this student is a girl ?
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
For example , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
The typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
They also inherit the attributes and methods of its superclass .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The correct answer can be computed using Bayes ' theorem .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
It is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
The articles on Bayesian probability and frequentist probability discuss these debates in greater detail .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Java allows object inheritance .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
It can be considered that fruit is an abstraction of apple , orange , etc .
The second method is the use of links .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
This method is used in the Google Toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to Google .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
In the original form of PageRank initial values were simply 1 .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .
With reference to this model , documents are represented as vectors .
When any sub-problem is met again , it can be found and re-used to solve another problem .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance is useful for situations where several classes share common features , such as needed functions or data variables .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
The method takes much less time than naive methods .
The main reason behind this is a hierarchi structure of objects and classes .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
These original classes are either called base classes or sometimes referred to as ancestor classes .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
In 1953 he had refined this to the modern meaning .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
However , the patent is assigned to Stanford University and not to Google .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
A probability is expressed as a numeric value between 0 and 1 .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
A document can be represented as a vector .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
Outbound , links from your page to others .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
With reference to this model , documents are represented as vectors .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
Like divide and conquer , Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining solutions to sub-problems .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
With little or no modification , it is intended to help reuse existing code .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
Like divide and conquer , Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining solutions to sub-problems .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Subclasses are said to extend or specialise their superclasses .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
Each item in the vector represents a different keyword .
The University received 1.8 million shares in Google in return for use of the patent .
If there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page .
If there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page .
They do not have to be written in a computer language .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
The typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .
This general three-step process can be used to solve a problem : 1 .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
It is also called the posterior probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
What is the probability this student is a girl ?
Java allows object inheritance .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
For instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
Virtual attributes and methods can be shadowed / overridden .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
With each separate term corresponding to the differing dimensions .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector .
They also inherit the attributes and methods of its superclass .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
The vector is then constucted of the frequency of eacher word ( dimension ) .
A document has representation as a vector .
So the same rule applies with keywords and indeed longer phrases .
It was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Its first use was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Later versions of PageRank ( see the below formulas ) would assume a probability distribution between 0 and 1 .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
When any sub-problem is met again , it can be found and re-used to solve another problem .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
This method is used as links are seen as an adoursment of a sight .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The PageRank algorithm is used to designate every aspect of a set of hyperlinked documents with a numerical weighting .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
It was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
For instance , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Programming means finding a plan of action .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
A document has representation as a vector .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
The inheritance concept was invented in 1967 for Simula .
They also inherit the attributes and methods of its superclass .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
With little or no modification , it is intended to help reuse existing code .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
Then , using this , the best overall path can be found , thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
The vector is then constucted of the frequency of eacher word ( dimension ) .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
When one class inherits from another class , all the public variables and methods are available to the subclass .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Its first use was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
Google owns exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
It is also called the subsequent probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Break up the problem different smaller subproblems .
This approach is called memoization ( not memorization , although this term also fits ) .
The second method is the use of links .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
For example ; a person may be observed to have certain symptoms .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
This general three-step process can be used to solve a problem : 1 .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
For each document , count the number of occurrences of each word .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
of a particular page is roughly based upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the PageRank ?
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
With each separate term corresponding to the differing dimensions .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
A document is represented as a vector .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
It is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
Then , using this , the best overall path can be found , thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
In order to avoid this , we instead save the solutions to problems we have already solved .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
Normally a term is a single word , keyword , or a longer phrase .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
The second method is the use of links .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
The methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Google has exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
For example , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance was firstly derived in 1967 .
This method is far more efficient than recalculating and therefore considerably reduces computation .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
With reference to this model , documents are represented as vectors .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
If a page has no incoming links , there is no support for that page .
The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
Inheritance provides the support for representation by categorization in computer languages .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Furthermore , by combining solutions to subproblems , DP solves problems .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Dynamic programming can be divided into two main approaches : top-down and bottom-up .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The similarity measures largely identify the retrieval efficiency of a particular information retrieval system .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems are used to solve many different larger problems .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
A document is represented as a vector .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Using the vector space model for Information Retrieval models all pages and queries as high-dimensional sparse vectors .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
Dynamic Programming reduces computation time by solving subproblems in a ‘ bottom-up ’ way .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
Bellman equation is a central result of dynamic programming which restates an optimization problem in recursive form .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
So in essence it is a popularity contest between WebPages .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Without a proof of correctness , such an algorithm is likely to fail .
They also inherit the attributes and methods of its superclass .
Deep , links to a specific page , usually bypassing the homepage .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
This method is used in the Google Toolbar , which reports back actual site visits to Google .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
The vector is then constucted of the frequency of eacher word ( dimension ) .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
The method takes much less time than naive methods .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Inheritance means derived a new class from the base class .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
The definition of term depends on the application .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
The " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Then , using this , the best overall path can be found , thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Java allows object inheritance .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
For instance , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action , an algorithm .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
This formula gives more credit to words that appears more frequently , but often too much credit .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
Each object ( except java.lang.Object ) can be cast to an object of one of its superclasses .
Thus , the program is the best plan for action that is produced .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
A probability is expressed as a numeric value between 0 and 1 .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Its applications include information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
The basic support provided by inheritance is that it represents by categorization in computer languages .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Dynamic programming can be divided into two main approaches : top-down and bottom-up .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
This method is used as links are seen as an adoursment of a sight .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
With reference to this model , documents are represented as vectors .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
The method takes much less time than naive methods .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
Inheritance was firstly derived in 1967 .
A document has representation as a vector .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
A problem with overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems may be used to solve many different larger problems .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Dynamic Programming is an algorithm design technique used for optimisation problems , such as minimising or maximising .
The actual Google PageRank algorithm is much more complex than this , but follows the same underlying principles .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
This is highly used in dynamic programming .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
Since it searches all possibilities , it is also very accurate .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
Then , using this , the best overall path can be found , thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
To derive the theorem , we begin with the definition of conditional probability .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Each item in the vector represents a different keyword .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Pages that are linked to by many high ranking pages will themselves obtain a high rank .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
Since it searches all possibilities , it is also very accurate .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
This meant that the sum of all pages was the total number of pages on the web .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
However , animals cannot be treated as fungi .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
To achieve this , the programmer has to note generalisations and similarities about various aspects of the program .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
One can consider fruit to be an abstraction of apple , orange , etc .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
Bayes ' Theorem Let and be sets .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
The vector space model is one of these methods , and it is an algebraic model .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Virtual attributes and methods can be shadowed / overridden .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
Inheritance can be used to create a multiple level architecture of classes .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
The second method is the use of links .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
This meant that the sum of all pages was the total number of pages on the web .
Dynamic Programming reduces computation time by solving subproblems in a ‘ bottom-up ’ way .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The second method is the use of links .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
A document has representation as a vector .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
With each separate term corresponding to the differing dimensions .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
In Java all attributes and methods are implicitly virtual .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
Furthermore , by combining solutions to subproblems , DP solves problems .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
Other possible uses for vector space models are indexing and also to rank the relevancy of differing documents .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
This means that inheritance is used when types have common factors and these would be put into the superclass .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
Not only PAMPLEMOUSSE - according to experts , even orange juice and apple contain substances that inhibit medicines .
The fact that the OSCE , during the evaluation of the campaign , has highlighted the positive changes rather than the shortcomings , such as the ban to run for a third of the candidates for the opposition , referred to a prior appeasement .
In the Czech Republic , no chance , say the mobile operators
I already knew the word thanks to my mangas .
Before off for the US , Nicolas Sarkozy will take a detour by the Kingdom .
And even if we could prove that for Man : How could anyone show the same for rats ?
But there are also many politicians who resist pressure from the ndrangheta , heroes who are honest "
Analysts of the bank reduced their expectations for next year , given the fall in consumption of oil due to the slowdown in economic growth , were therefore obliged to reduce of 20pour cent , forecasts of oil and gas prices for 2009 .
Soccer - The Impact in the semi-finals
Such geo-strategic thoughts , however , reveals only one of the sides .
" It would be a mistake to underestimate her .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
Jeremiah Moss , who writes a blog called Jeremiah ' s Vanishing New York ( subtitled " The Book of Disputes : A look bitterly nostalgic on A City in the process of extinction " ) describes the history of the City and Extra Place , in a piece published in 1952 in The New Yorker .
The choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited , in most cases , to radio tubes .
He believes that this will lead to a reduction in the rate of accidents and the number of deaths on the roads the Czech Republic .
Bastian Reinhard would also have wanted be more relaxed .
" We report extremely well , despite what do the people . "
The benefits and those net from financial transactions were , compared to the same period last year , fell to zero , the profits from the allocation of debt securities and determined and the termination of provisions in the operations of credit had fallen by more than 70 percent to 5 million .
Mango has just presented the second edition of the Botón-Mango Fashion Awards , in order to strengthen international image of the new talent of the way .
Therefore seek games calm and avoid the programmes or television series that are more or less violent .
" We believe that , in general , it is not enough to block the phenomenon of accidents and the contrast can be done through numerous actions . "
The fact that Google is a base for genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction . The famous novel by Cory Doctorow , writes with half orwellien tones , describing the future in which a man could be approached only through data from Google .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
Eric Smith made another pass and intercepted him .
He is bound to inform the authorities if it wants to go abroad for more than three days .
There are not only 1,000 but 1001 ways to forget the chaos and the frenzy of daily life .
In addition , the mayor of Rome is keen to stress that " the Commission is not an unnecessary bureaucratic body or a whole : It is absolutely free , and will not cost a euro the Roman city dwellers , and will serve to study and get the best minds that express the Capital .
And perhaps we will cease to call ourselves more expensive than the rest of Europe .
But 1001 , and not one more or less .
Be writing to the left is Festival of beer , in Gothic , and alongside the Internet of the travel agency Marco conoscersiviaggiando.it ' " .
Passengers who do not take the suburban bus and do not recall the date when the validity of their coupon expires , can once more visit the new machines , originally used to record the voucher on their cards .
We asked 1500 people : What were the mistakes made by Bush during his mandate ? 89 % replied : Iraq .
The price of sectors of supply of electricity , gas , water and steam have exceeded of 18,7 percent the previous year .
The Congress agreed that the government of the United States could inject $ 700 billion into banks
For nearly 18 years , the space borehole " Ulysses " steals in the area .
Great admirer of literature of Galdós , José Luis Garci assures having made this film to resemble " the dream of child " through Esperanza Aguirre , who was in charge , three years ago to make a commemorative film for the two hundred years of 2 May of Madrid , something he has always accepted when the narrative stuck to the historical facts .
When times are tough and without reason to live , there are human beings that admiration and there is no need to be Luis Cernuda to love Paul Newman .
The Committee said that , in the past , the participation of MSkyB had prevented competition and had allowed it to unfairly influence ITV .
The foundation Esély Budapestért Alapítvány , at the request of the grouping of Fiatal Baloldal - Ifjú Szocialisták , has established a bill on the order of the Foundation has Harmadik Együtt Évezredért , for a total of four million HUF .
They as the anomaly of the support gravitationnel .
I find that the woman is more mature , has more experience and are relishing life with fewer problems .
With the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers two weeks ago , the allocation of appropriations between banks has again expressed constant significantly , the banks that have accumulated their liquidity .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
And it adds : " It is almost impossible for a virtual operator appears in the network T-Mobile by the end of the year .
And taking into account the Smartphones and communicators , you have in your pocket a small computer .
Demand will acquire ground in many market segment of travel by air .
The subsequent part of the vehicle was charged with ballots of hashish , and then they have made his transfer to a police station for a thorough inspection and to weigh drugs .
Llamazares has asked the Andalusian federation of the United Left to assume its responsibilities in the Silva case
It is true , I look forward to leave .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
In Florence , a bed costs on average , 350 / 400 euros , a room around EUR 700 .
The Committee met on the request of the Minister for Sport Miroslaw Drzewiecki .
And casting aspersions on this woman who has been in a constant struggle for justice and deserves our admiration , says as much about the entourage of the Prime Minister as of Stephen Harper on himself .
That is how the world over , virtual operators are emerging as low cost alternatives - they offer cheap calls and text messages , at the cost of a limited supply of services .
An emotional campaign will drivers
The universal nature of the mobile is not without problems .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
When Favre and Coles to play catch , the defence was at the back of the Cardinals quarter , Kurt Warner .
" If this were not so , the mini self robot would not respond quickly enough to avoid the obstacle , " explains Toshiyuki Andoh , the director of the mobility laboratory and of the project with robotized car .
The private bank Sal Oppenheim , has signed up to 23 million new shares .
State money and municipalities , approximately 65 million HUF in total , went in part into the coffers of the Fiatal Baloldal movement and on the other , into the pockets of some people .
But it seems pretty sure whether there will be a virtual operator in the Czech Republic , it will not be Mobilking .
Two aspects of the structure of our brain make the transposition of our subjective experience to that of animals difficult .
But there are some who try , and Paul Newman is an example .
Trerise wrote in a confession letter : " I feel responsible for her death " .
The girl next to me was a big smile ironic , it found that it was an honour that the corresponding should sit next to it .
All this without blue screen .
Behind them , near a barrel of five litres of beer of the Kaiser brand , is a well built bearded man who shows to approximately 200 visitors to the beer festival what deep sounds his throat can produce .
Most of my developments refer to the content of the experienced aware , but there are also another aspect of the awareness that should be more easily accessible scientifically .
Accidents in the workplace , Napolitano : " Crucial " prevention
Gebrselassie based , goes beyond his world record .
I must play another match to feel comfortable . "
Renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush .
For the Sunia , exceptional measures through the revision of taxation , are necessary to lower prices .
Don ' t ever tell the child that you can listen to him at night to know his secret .
At auctions , buyers tend to spend more , and to overestimate the commodity .
The Scientific commity of the EU pointed out that users of mobile music devices , who are listening to music at full volume ( more than 89 decibels ) for five hours per week , are currently crossing the limits on the level of noise allowed at the workplace .
Italy " as the immigrant has recently become a destination for immigrants ' met with resistance .
There was not much activity in the changing room , half-time was over , and most were sitting in their places .
" It is up to us , it is our future , " he added , having made a dramatic break to look at the immense map behind him .
According to the study published in the journal Science , humans do not want to be dependent on this type of competition , such as an auction on eBay , and that is why they prefer even pay too high a price .
English Paula Radcliffe holds the world record of 2 : 15 : 25 .
And taking into account Smartphones and communicators , you have in your pocket a veritable small computer .
He did not failed to describe the economic ideas of McCain as outdated .
In short , such a relationship could be the decisive impetus to other concentrations in the Länder banks sector .
At the foot of the stairs , the Spanish Ambassador and other authorities were present .
That is something that savers and households are now that the time they are uncertain . "
The index lost during the vote , but when it became apparent that the proposal was not adopted , it was in free fall .
We could examine the animal process of consciousness without taking into account its content , and that is exactly what happened during the studies on short-term memory of primates , particularly with the example of sight .
Kostitsyn , the first star of the meeting , scored a goal , Plekanec amassed two more , and Kovalev reaped a pass in the win , the fourth of the Tricolore in six preparatory matches .
And even the youngest like Alondra and Alexia Kenon of 11ans , twins of Winter Park , seem to have learned properly the description Eatonville .
In India , the main Sensex index has lost 506,43 points , or 3.9 percent , and closed at 12.595,75 points .
Ludwik Sobolewski , the chairman of the stock market values of Warsaw , confirmed this proposal that the Polish have made despite that , before , the Czechs have ruled out the stock exchange of Warsaw the circle of potential new owners of the stock market in Prague .
Another significant feature may lie in the linguistic nature of Man : A large part of its existence is related to the language , this means that his conscience often depends on it .
Moreover , if right side of Naomi fascinates me .
The rates are slightly lower ( 550 euro for a simple room ) for areas close to the other universities ( Ostiense and Cinecittà ) .
With regard to journalists , we are going to 30 % .
And noisy , explains Marco Guarda , it is not for the Italian .
The interview - blood become sure again
Nights of sleep for shareholders of Hypo Real Estate
The first time this has happened that may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
The danger of the collapse of the US financial system are also on every day , and subsequently , the world will pay a high price .
More than four hundred people made use of the service during the morning .
It must also inform the police , 7 days before his starting date scheduled .
That is true .
Contrary to what is being done in several countries where Barrick Gold works , the debates in Canada are normally by the exchange of ideas and not with clubs .
Debate : Bilingue left in the English language
The fares and hotels are falling
Also , as it emerged during the investigation , they also added VAT on these documents , while the benefits on the activities of travel , which is outside the European Union , are paid for without VAT .
The US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
. Glitter returned to the UK last month , having served 27 months in a Vietnamese prison for having abused two girls of 10 and 11 years respectively .
The law is ignoring them ; walking on a long-distance journey car is prohibited .
We must be constantly vigilant " , continued Dre Décary before stressing that on top of security of supply , Héma-Quebec must also provide an adequate supply .
I always responded :
But there is anyone who tries , and Paul Newman is an example .
Dancer , actress and painter , you are a very versatile woman : is it not ?
The image provided by the director , Giuseppe Tornatore illustrates what is happening in major cities Italian , but also in the cities of province ,
This isn ' t necessarily bad , but if they do move you it would be better if they gave you everything ( including the electronic chips for the race )
That being said , the operation of a kind of virtual pseudo operators in several mobile networks in the Czech Republic , remains unnoticed .
The office is synonymous with tension and the computer with pain in the back .
Sarkozy at the meeting of fishermen angry
" Everything depends on whether the coach has in its approval , permission to propose standing places .
Obama and McCain are each as capable as the other , to lead the country out of the economic crisis .
Linebacker , David Bowens let the ball go because of Warner .
The psychologist Miguel Farias , who has taken part in the experience , believe that we can achieve the same effects with any other strong image , atheists , provided to find the appropriate photo .
The profits of these sales were nonetheless paid to his Foundation for children with difficult childhoods .
These improvements have significantly reduced the risk of contracting HIV by a blood transfusion .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini confirmed the release after the votes of the Italian television channel Sky TG 24 : " Our citizens and the other hostages were released .
The Marcel differs from others by his excellent cotton , by his unisex look , with his distinctive logo and by the Belgian flag ( barely recognisable ) that the most well-known jerseys have on the neck .
The sum , however , must not be paid at once , but in installments .
Reaffirming that he would manage to cut taxes for 95 % of Americans despite the unpredictability of Wall Street , the Senator from Illinois has also pointed out that the achievement of a possible energy independence of the country by the promotion of renewable energy was his first priority , along with the establishment of a system of health insurance .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
And he adds that it is essential to make it more efficient , the public administration .
Coming to cinema , you expect the various movies you shot last year to be released .
According to the indictment , a large part of the bills were false .
In the background , it is the daughter society Depfa bears the losses .
Of Bologna , they came up in Verona .
To this tragedy and resentment of the public , the government of Canada has established in February 1994 a public inquiry , chaired by the judge giant Krever , inquiry to shed light on the circumstances that led to such a tragedy and to make recommendations for such a disaster again .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) plunged of 777,68 points to 1O.365,45 points .
Could one walk on walls like Spiderman ? Maybe so , but researchers are thinking of a much less compelling use , such as the connection between electronic devices , given that the nano tubes of carbon drivers are conductors of heat and electricity .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
Sylvana and the secrets of Bento ' s box
Recall , for the record , UNICEF , amnesty and the International Bar Association , the Canadian advocate the repatriation of Omar Khadr so that it has a fair trial in Canada .
While the judge Krever delayed in submitting his report , some provinces set up a committee with the objective of planning a new system of management of blood in Canada .
All depends on it , " he says .
AIG is willing to study the sale of most of its activities beyond his life assurance to the international retirement and its activity in the US , the newspaper says that cited sources close to the matter .
Choose the best
Mobile phones which are able to play music for ten to twelve hours are rare . In most cases , this figure is much lower .
If a rat or a cockroach flees from danger , does that mean that it also feels fear ?
Trend underlined by the Pope and by the President of the Republic , Giorgio Napolitano at its meeting with Benedict XVI on Quirinal , asked what the state and the church work together to defeat racism . "
Has the question : What is there in five years ? Schmidt said he would like Google can respond to questions such as , " What can I do tomorrow ? " Or " What is the work that I would be the better ? ' . However , software cannot respond to this kind of issue , simple at first sight , the day when they know enough about users .
Deflation has resulted in the sectors of the transformation of oil ( 1.4 percent ) , the manufacture of machines and electrical equipment ( 0.9 percent ) , and a minimum increase in the processing sector of wood ( 0.1 percent ) .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .
For the attention of the institutions , the social forces and means of information on this dramatic , the famous Anmil today , in all the Italian provinces , the 58ème National Day of the victims of accidents on the work , institutionalised the second Sunday in October .
In addition , they are forced to admit that the SIM card in their phones is not registered in their name , so they cannot own them fully , in the manner of ordinary customers of mobile operators .
Kovalev gave the victory with the sole purpose of the shooting .
CSU : Thanks for a period of transition
Some expected that the US and Britain were going to obtain a certain type of autonomy for the Sudeten .
The German banking system is relatively stable , insisted the Federal Finance Minister it was only a few weeks ago .
When nobody is watching , it can work
The tactics , in these unequal fights , is often to ruin the defendants so as to impose an amicable solution which gags the opposition in addition to scaring anyone who dares to look again at the issue .
Marek : A psychological help
Of New Yorkers any have become very familiar to the world of finance in recent weeks .
But not to take advantage of the taxpayers ' .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi .
Quickly , everything becomes calm in the bus passengers sleep .
But be careful .
In the framework of the rescue plan , the resources must be mobilised to the purchase of spoiled mortgage documents .
Domestic sale prices have risen to a lesser extent , 0.1 percent , compared with the previous month .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators .
The second time began after the jets and the Arizona Cardinals have salement played under obscure clouds .
The strategy of sugar and the whip against drivers
Some believe that extra Place bears the name since 1802 , when the legacy of the great firm of the many children of Philip Minthorne was divided , leaving aside the small , which remained since abandoned .
Otherwise , we risk that other countries will suffer the effects .
Mexico ' s peep-toes without
The suspect was not willing to settle its debt and it is for this reason that he drew a creditor , last Wednesday , in a site of Ózd where he was killed , and the girl of this man , aged 9 years .
With a removed was barely 2.5 square centimetres , researchers have managed to maintain put up a corps of 100 kilograms on a vertical wall .
Investors feared that the rescue plan of $ 700 billion of the United States Government may not be sufficient to restart the financial markets .
The anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the theatre national under the direction of Jirˇí Beˇlohlávek .
I had rice with aromatic herbs , small sausages , a salad of cucumber and algae , fruit and a kind of meat covered by tofu .
Moreover , the bill also mentions meals , and our restaurant is closed for a long time . "
The rest , " with climate change , we need to rethink our vision of the North , " he said , referring to the passage of the north-west , which will be open through the year because of the melting of the ice .
The movement of water in the tides , runs the pales turbines , creating a rotational movement that sustains a generator .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Those who listen to music in such conditions for prolonged periods , risk a permanent hearing loss after five years .
They have too much charm .
During a campaign rally in Detroit , on Sunday , Obama has expressed his hope that Congress will vote soon on the 700 billion rescue package .
During a ' scouting operation ' , one of Lados ' choices was a bistro .
Against several legends film , which lâchèrent early enough the job , Newman will be remained a long time in the saddle , while denouncing Hollywood , its TARP has good , and its concessions .
Kamathis is is third in 2 : 07 : 48 .
It in recruitment two hundred .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
I read it in my mangas .
The sexes have imposed a ban on Glitter six months after he had spoken to the authorities who have under control , its intention to go to Spain from France .
Of Kristoffer Klein . Enlarge . Hard landing for international player Marko Marin .
It should discourage the drivers of driving fast and drink-driving .
In the first half of 2008 , the reserve of liquidity of the bank had been reduced to 95 percent of 2.37 million euros , the rate of capital also had declined slightly to 1,45 from 1.6 percent .
Vargas Llosa , who won the prize for popular support at the Hay Festival , spoke to a packed auditorium in Juan Bravo .
Here in New York , all speak fluent finance .
" The doors tournantes- tells Brunetta- are an instrument for work better , with more productivity , attendance more and more services " says the minister .
In Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important to a symbolic point of view .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
And even more surprising is that if it had committed this gesture , its history would certainly never finished in court .
What matters is whether the coach is under its technical sheet equipped places standing or not .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .
The " North Plan " is the fourth part of a " vision " that Prime Minister claims to have for Quebec , that of a " new " economic area , which includes an agreement on the workforce with France , an agreement between Canada and Europe and agreements with Ontario .
The sum , however , must not be paid at once , but in installments .
She was a freestyle dancer and specialist of oriental dances .
New investigations into the case of US prosecutors .
Indeed , to publish the final version of the law and submit it to the vote , the Congressmans must conclude a number of details of the agreement .
With regard to the candidate , I don ' t worry .
From here , the road station near the station Puorta Nueva , four bus take this evening the start at 11.45 p.m. , destinazione Monaco , Festa della birra , arrived in 6h30 .
Work antistress is entitled ' 1001 ways to relax and will be among the booksellers directly from the publisher Pearson Alhambra and DA .
The New York Stock Exchange has accused a record drop on Monday after the rejection by the House of Representatives of the Paulson plan to bail out banks : The Dow Jones has lost 6,98 % , a loss ever seen approaching the 800 points , and the Nasdaq 9,14 % .
This will be crucial to decide on the sharing of losses in the financial sector and the government , " said Marek , this week , the server iHNed.cz .
But in most cases , you will be limited by the absence of standard output for headphones .
Would show the security agents that we behave well !
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
We believed ourselves out of this impasse since Democrats accepted that some " toxic " assets of companies in difficulty were only to be insured by the government , rather than bought .
" Most people , who are in this area , will think , ' Oh , this city has nothing compared to other " Alondra Kenon said after the mass Sunday .
It he : " Some people have not enjoyed " .
Night would involve unnecessary costs , explains Marco .
I believe that rats and other mammals , perhaps even cockroaches ( who knows ? ) have sensations .
A formulated answer like this is not suprising , coming from the representative of the operators .
Of these European roots will grow one of the glorious faces of the American dream .
The Hamburg SV will celebrate its 121 years on Monday .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
Moreover , it is also for the sins of forms , as the types of bills inadequate and false pills , that the bills issued the order of Együtt has Harmadik Évezredért Alapítvány , 21st . Századi Kulturális Egyesület and Biztos Bridge have proved false .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
Another application could be its incorporation into the GPS satellite navigation system , so that he can guide the driver to its destination by avoiding the obstacles are on the way .
And because their sensations probably differ from all of us ( as human consciousness is based on special circuits , and on the language ) , I prefer to explore the emotional attitude that the sensations emotional rats .
Which will appear in the spots ?
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
There is no beer , not yet .
Compared to its neighbour more colourful , Bowery , extra Place has left a slight historic footprint .
Locally , the group executive is to 65 % .
The interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention .
The symptoms of hepatitis A appear two to three weeks after the consumption of food contaminated , in general , accompanied by a bad state general , of weakness , upset stomach and nausea .
In a City in Part , pride and the plight of the Black Life
Curiously , this approach also highlights the weight of the prefrontal cortex in the achievement of view .
But what does that mean for the emotions ?
Experts fear that the general theory of relativity is not entirely correct .
Two Kenyan elite runners , James Kwambai and Charles Kamathi , continued to defy Gebrselassie after the head of the queue have disappeared .
People are less and less attention to the operational system but increasingly the Internet browser .
The girl was at the moment , unfortunately , sitting next to the driver , on the seat the most dangerous of the vehicle , although it has at its disposal other two seats .
This sentence was spoken by the actress Sally Field , who has worked with him in ' Absence of Malice " , and illustrates the despair of American cinema , and America in general , faced with the striking idea that Newman is no longer in the world .
After the entry of CBGB , a monument punk rock closed in 2006 , has re open to extra Place ; the street is certainly more famous thanks to the photo in coverage of the album of Ramones come to Russia ' "
The project of the motorway happened just when the girl the most famous of Eatonville had recovered its appeal .
Net falling oil following the concerns of the world of the New Economy
Newman , rather than sitting on his myth , was committed to the end .
, the liberal government , in coming to power in 2003 , has refused to implement it .
But it is said , keep your eyes wide open : and it is not without reason .
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciated .
With a few exceptions , the street has always the same look .
I have done all the things that I wanted to since I was little and it has given me a lot of happiness .
Trerise wrote in a letter to confession : " I feel responsible for his death " .
The player from Gladbach entered late in the game and his rising shot hit the framework of the goal .
The intervention of the governments of Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg had been made necessary after the French bank BNP Paribas said that it had renounced acquisition of its competitor in trouble since it has lost 2 billion euros ( 2.9 billion US ) in the mortgage crisis in the United States .
In addition , the deletions made in the newsroom , in the room where the authors are working to the assembly of newspapers , are a major problem .
There has even been given a name to the baby unaffordable
Hepatitis C may also have serious consequences : if it is not dealt with , it can lead to cirrhosis of the liver or cancer .
And Spain it is estimated that it could save the lives of 115 people each year .
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
The Austrian Socialists the SPÖ want to discuss with the Conservatives of the ÖVP .
He accused Interior Vice Minister at the time , Marco Minniti , of having engineered everything to raise a political issue , but given the request of incarceration signed this morning , the judges explain that the Piromalli clan had even managed to ask for the variation of the A3 project .
Austria think seriously about regain his courage , following his oscillation to the right in the parliamentary elections yesterday .
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo in the direction of Kawasaki and I take the train which takes me 40 minutes to get to Tachibana Highschool .
An automaton will monitor the coupon instead of the driver
Sheikh Hasina should return to the Bangladesh in a few weeks , but her party , the Awani League , has demanded that the temporary military government give her full freedom first .
The novel takes place in places that nobody knows and addresses unknown issues , but once again , Mario Vargas Llosa is determined to forward the project he is working on , a novel that has Roger Casemant as main character , an Irish nationalist who lived 20 years in Congo and who passed by the Amazon .
She was detained last year after the military interim government had assumed power , but was released in June for receiving medical care abroad .
This is what we think will bring in more customers .
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen .
A famous American politician who wants to be independent , wrote : " Barack Obama will be the second anti-American president .
" We have taken a major step forward , " said Nancy Pelosi , the Democratic chairman of the US House of Representatives , according to whom all that remains is to put the agreements on paper .
With this film Garci does not expect to win any prizes .
What good to facilitate the advent of such a competitor ?
The Hypo Real Estate , since the takeover of the Depfa , has been a highly important investor of state and infrastructure .
The 31 girls of the class all whispered , stiffled laughs and made signs , and I clearly heard the word ' Kawaii ' .
Is it because of the crisis that they have decided to buy small shirts with less fabric and cheaper at the same time ?
Moreover , this beautiful side of Naomi fascinates me .
Jancˇura denies that the two seats reserved for the rest of the stewards have been sold .
It is bound to inform the authorities if it wants to go abroad for more than three days .
" Sangre de Mayo , " the dared say of Garci
In 2003 we thought for a moment that the Deta-Bank could merge with the bank of the Land of Rhineland Palatinate and Halbab .
" It was a dirty victory " , summed up Marin Jol .
Soccer - The Impact in the semi-finals
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
This amount would be twice that produce nuclear power plants .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
The Federal Reserve and the Federal Institution for the Surveillance of the Services decided ( Bafin ) assume that the ability of the Hypo Real on the market is now guaranteed .
Other believed that they would simply remain in Czechoslovakia .
The song was put in trade in the UK , as single in 1979 , according to the 15th place .
However , given the expansion of the festival Hurston , a certain level of local pride has emerged .
The chairman of the party , Erwin Hube and the head of the regional government , Günther Beckstein , can still retain their place . The question is how long will the pardon ?
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
The phrase ' You do not consider " is enshrined in majuscules on the registration plate .
The first news of the failure of the rescue plan has seen Dow Jones temporarily loose 700 points .
Because WestLB , injured , is under heavy pressure .
Never in the history of the Palais Chigi , not had been rotating doors for the entry and exit of employees .
The Bush administration and the leaders of Congress , both Republicans and Democrats , have finally reached an agreement yesterday on the greatest economic recovery plan since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
It may be that he speaks with a small , quiet voice , with words alone , murmurs or with cries of tears , long speeches ...
The neurophysicien Joseph LeDoux is convinced that many animals also have sensations .
It is apparently it a force of attraction whose effect is visible on other bodies .
However , the leaders of the banks are in bad stance and the meantime the help of the state can expect their redundancy payments , called simply golden parachute Atlantic , will be capped by the government .
They make a short stop for the photographers before moving into the room where all the officials await them .
The bad boy arrived in Australia , Russell Crowe , dared appoint Newman as his greatest inspiration .
After all , such a relationship could be the decisive impetus to other concentrations in the Länder banks .
We don ' t need to remember a capacity of gigabits , or even of mega-extend .
On the opposite side , Antonio Damasio for example believes that the sensations resultant from primitive activities are born in the areas of the corporeal feeling of the cortex and the core of the brain , like Jaak Pankseep who focuses more on the just the core of the brain .
As we have said before , they can also be associated with very high fever , to situations of stress or agitation and excitement .
" Say what you want , we will be the ones to put the cross on Obama or McCain .
On the screen of the machine they will find all the information about the validity of their document .
Financial the action of the Bavarian house has lost by time three-quarters of its value in spite of the rescue operation of the federal government and private banks , Commerzbank has reduced by more than 20 percent .
He huge resemblance to her sister has not prevented her from developing her own personality .
According to article , the kidnappers wanted to release the women hostages after the ransom had been paid .
In Naples , a bed costs 300-400 euros , a simple room , 400 to 600 euros , with prices higher in the Policlinico , Vomero , and Colli Aminei areas .
The question , if it is really a matter of chance , pops up naturally .
On the contrary , they are trying to do everything possible to a potential competitor to appear .
A mono-themed library ( of course named Hurston ) opened in 2006 on a magnificently repaved Kennedy Boulevard .
The Prime Minister does not exclude to trigger the elections before the end of the year
A relationship of any kind between the Deka bank , which knows its customers on the basis of their investment funds , and WestLB , has been questioned for some time now , even by Frankfurt .
Haile Gebrselassie , Ethiopian , has once again proved to be worthy of his title of best long distance runner of the century , having beaten his own world record in the marathon in Berlin on Sunday , becoming the first to run 26,2 miles in less than 2 hours and 4 minutes .
As a client is important , it offers special prices ( and other benefits ) .
The Latin are always between residential buildings carrying fifty luxury shirts hung on their shoulds by way of a yoke , like mules .
Among the things planned , there are measures of tax facilities in favour of managers and benefits to the public in terms of mobility : viewers will be able to enter the area but only move about in a limited confine , and have special tariffs for the parking spaces .
He added : " I stress in particular , as described by her father and mother , the effects of your crime on Stephanie over a period of many years . "
Passers-by said they did not think often of Extra Place , and suggested its development .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy only a telephone .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
" In cases where the coach would have braked suddenly , the laws of physics would obviously be valid .
Some Member can still be a lifeline to their financial institutions titubants , and thanks to their own taxpayers ' money , they can save them from bankruptcy .
However , it is generally believed that this way to buy music ( either by GSM , Internet , or by wireless Internet ) will dominate the music industry in the future .
For compensation of the girl ' s family , the agency will not wait the judgment of the Court , but as far as the financial compensation , it is also on the culprit .
Then , in a puddle of blood , the phrase ' You will pay'
In Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important to a symbolic point of view .
This ' territory twice as big as France ' , ' is here , is in Quebec . '
It will not be released at the beginning of 2009 but by late 2009 or even in 2010 .
His message was precisely formulated , it came out of his lips in a persuasive manner .
The UN has done last week , a vaccination campaign in the six provinces .
In his party , the choice of the opposition or entry into the coalition is temporarily an open question . These points should be debated in the ÖVP .
The largest is in London .
" Anyone who wants to maintain Israeli sovereignty on the whole city will be forced to integrate 270 000 Arabs .
Beˇlohlávek considers the Czech national anthem as one of the finest anthems .
This is a loss for the academic world , as for the public debate in Canada , and it is time that governments put arrangements restricting this kind of abusive prosecution in place .
Has the conference on the emerging technologies TIM Microsoft has been presented a new system of recognition of image and human interaction , a kind of artificial Intelligence with little intelligence but able to do some basic tasks , such as call a taxi ( or in the case of Microsoft , a shuttle for travel in the campus of the company ) in response to what it was asked during a conversation .
After the market prices of hotels have risen for years , bed and breakfasts have already cut their prices in many places .
Not at all .
This time , the decline is due to the fall of shares on the Wall Street .
McCain , he wanted to build a fleet of 45 nuclear power plants by 2030 .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same configuration .
Democratic Senator Barack Obama awarded himself certain addition powers at the understanding , including the proposal to allow homeowners to keep their homes and the one connected with monitoring salaries of employees of companies rescued by the State .
Today , one in 12 million runs the risk of blood being infected with HIV .
But of course this is the future .
In August 2008 , domestic non-sale prices rose by 0.1 percent compared with the previous month , and 12.9 % in August 2007 - communicates the Central Office of Statistique of Hungary .
Dramatic reductions of Hypo Real Estate and Commerzbank led the German index ( Dax ) to a profound deficit .
The investigation is based on the theory of lawyers who argue that their dismissal of political causes .
In the timing of the construction or the destruction of stadiums , the streets , hotels and airports , the two guests run after the deadline .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
I already knew the word thanks to my mangas .
When the Police patrol came it found the actress sitting inside her vehicle , which was partially blocking the road .
" There is a real danger that the PZPN will not be able to act within the rules , " said Drzewiecki of the Polish news agency PAP .
The trio number one of the Canadian is prepared to take the season .
The authorities responsible : In line with operators
But he said they do not feel good , and refused to go to London .
This person , at that time , called the emergency services because " it was concerned about the life of Locklear " .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred to the gates of the community .
The total immersion in the English language focusses on the almost constant use of English in teaching .
Listen to the four new version of the national anthem .
Indeed , the Web 2.0 is nothing else but collaboration , derving from the fact that we intentionally leave traces behind us , and that we use communication channels available to us , and while their size changes one by one , the essential remains the same : we expose ourselves .
One must ask for permission for most of the interviews , and some things - like the walls of the old church of Eatonville , painted by the white man , depicting black men in the fields - must not be photographed .
But look at everything in detail and from the start .
This is a disproportionate source with more than 70 % of the surface area of the planet and now the major global energy companies are beginning to discover .
According to the indictment , a large part of the bills were false .
His lawyers have announced that it will now appeal to the Supreme Court against the order of the Supreme Court .
Anyone in health , aged 18 years and responding to the eligibility criteria can still give blood all 56 days , or six times a year .
As we know , the national reserves of blood transfusion Service managed by the Red Cross Canadian have been infected with the acquired immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) and the hepatitis C virus during the 1980s .
" Next week could be a turning point , " said yesterday , the influential Democratic Senator Charles Schumer .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
In the world of the Vice-President , it seems that this word is only meant to designate highly paid lawyers and not all Canadians ; this is a rather narrow view of the concept .
The photo present in this article , was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms of rest reserved for employees to Microsoft ' s Redmond .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
" Matilde Tórtola transformed into a mature figure .
Even tougher action was decided in Poland .
A few days you started on the bridge with Naomi Campbell , is it not ?
For a price of three four thousand kronor , we can have a very decent walkman .
In this respect , the economic crisis seems to produce two phenomena convergent .
I had not felt the crisis despite the completely pessimistic stories until this afternoon when I decided to open a new savings bank .
Voices have continued to rise yesterday against this project , both on the Republican side and the Democratic .
They agreed with a ransom , " said the official .
You turned 30 a little while ago : has this been hard for you ?
German Günther Bauer mixture in " intoxicating spirit of flamenco - people ' the théâtralité of a few stage with singers , dancers and guitaristes with this side least-known artists .
Its aim is the reintegration of the driver through road re-education .
As in the case of society Ravenna Bt. or the course of Kunfehértó sport , which both deny be the authors of invoices in their name .
Beyond his career as a legend , he was also a major campaigner for civil rights , ecology , independent cinema , and against the excesses of Hollywood .
The Bentos are not only school lunches Japanese .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index-has gone awry 2.1 percent to 18.286,90 points .
" And we did not know whether the disease could be transmitted by blood .
The Basque police have finally arrested one of the two occupants and seized the 2.178 kilograms of hashish that they were carrying which they found after inspecting the van , says an Iveco Daily .
But also the pool in groups of conversation
Nights of insomnia for shareholders of Hypo Real Estate
The higher prices of plastic and chemical raw materials has led to a considerable monthly rise in the price of manufactured products and chemical materials ( 1.6 percent ) .
The proposal was made while Eatonville was just coming out of a difficult time in its history .
The most prestigious prize in fashion
However , some experts the right propose a different view of things : For the creation of a virtual operator is possible , we must obtain , each time , the consent of the operator of network .
Has Eatonville , no great commemoration , or mark for the general public .
Today , one in 12 million runs the risk of blood being infected with HIV .
Other applications could affect aerospace engineering .
Following the Bundestag elections , which will take place in September 2009 , Merkel will again be Chancellor that if they call up in one way or another , with a joint force , the CSU , having played an important role in the success of 2005 .
It could be the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
" According to us - stressed Mercandelli - more tests and inspections are needed , as well as greater intervention on the training of workers from as early as school . "
It is the second increase in price which follows an increase of two pence in February , and comes following a research carried out consultation society .
A clear but complex pessimism invades the American journalism .
Drivers should be reminded of the risks , " said Martin Korˇán , the Transport psychologist at the Na Homolce hospital .
A virtual operator will win the Czech Republic this year .
Spiegel Online present in a series of articles answers to the question " What do you think be true without power in evidence ? "
It lasted , he added , until teachers and students came only more of the same place .
A lady of Miami wrote on a website : " This person is full of ambition " .
Several people have rightly pointed out that an Internet browser is not an operational system .
Being more aggressive anti-cancer treatments , patients are often need to recharge in red blood or plaquettes .
In Germany , according to a current study , flights would be even cut up 50 percent .
In a US magazine article of the American Chemical Society , the Californian researchers have presented an adhesive formed of microfibres like hair , which automatically clean themselves of dust in the movement on the area to ensure a constant and perfect grip .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
" We need more charm and more dribbles " , demanded Jol .
Pankseep argues that what is as fear among the Hommes and rats is probably also felt as such in both cases : How could anyone yet check whether rats and Hommes feel the same thing when they behave in a similar ?
Firstly , by his name flamboyant - although he is known as Marcel , – which has to do with the sport as it takes after the name , according to legend , of the boxer Marcel Cerdan , a lover of the singer Edith Piaf .
Beˇlohlávek consider the Czech national anthem as one of the finest anthems .
" Worrying data provided by the Anmil , and the tragic events of recent days , confirm the importance of the issue of prevention in the workplace , " says the President of the Republic , Giorgio Napolitano , in a message to the president of the National Association of Anmil , mutilated and disabled of work , Pietro Mercandelli .
We must work at maximum speed , " said Grigorij Surkis President of the Ukrainian League .
For years , a mysterious phenomenon is because of confusion among researchers - the anomaly of the support gravitationnel .
Suburban buses are equipped with card readers included in the till the driver .
" We know take back , " said Marcell Jansen .
Today we are starting , in March we end , in June we will make the sums .
These photographed people " in the street " are artists able to pass on stage the passion , the sadness , the joy ... by exciting the public .
And already buses drive into the night in the ' Autostrada Brennero direction .
Who can most can say the least .
A few children speak during the night .
Filtering a dam has been put in place on the peninsula of Quiberon .
Two minors have helped to remove the footsteps of the double homicide of Ózd
The US as in Europe , the crisis appears to speed up the phenomena couvés for some time , so much so that , in the new climate , they solidifient and are .
To Elena , this is the first time , Luca already the third or fourth time .
She presented her hometown to the world through books sincere , full of dialect , such as " Mules and Men " ( 1935 ) and " their Eyes were watching God " ( 1937 ) .
The more functions you use it , the more the interval between two rechargements will be reduced .
The opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results . It is trying rather to get its message on the need for economic reforms to the voters .
Step towards
As soon as you leave your seats , they are parties ! '
The pressure spins a turbine which in turn , feeds a generator .
It is clear that the rest him has been brilliant , but not rouillé .
Share price fell from 75 percent to EUR 3.30 goes .
Its huge resemblance to his sister has not prevented to develop its own personality .
Without pomp , he was brief and precise .
" Protecting the people of Kent is the most important intention of the Police of Kent , and we are closely monitoring the behaviour of those who are accused of sexual abuse in the region , in order to minimise the risks to the public . "
Then he found a kyste in the vocal cords .
The employee who cannot be named , is accused of violating the section 8.1 of the act , i.e. of the clause which deals with the preservation of information .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague regained its losses .
The fate of the tandem , having suffered a catastrophic loss of voice ny 17 percent , will be on the agenda of the party congress , held the last weekend of October .
" The guidelines that I have read [ are ] that this is something that we will all have to digest and with which we can move forward .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
Man of the Ministry of Defence was in travel documents when he oublia two highly classified , on a train in the direction of Waterloo .
The eye of the bee plays an important role , since it is able to see in all directions , in an angle of 300 degrees .
This amount would be twice that produced by nuclear power plants .
The courts have banned the rock star glamour , Gary Glitter , accused of sexual abuse of children , expatriation in France and Spain .
The main strategy of Vodafone in this area is to find a partner to put in place a common network for a fast mobile Internet . "
" The office has not met with signs of anti-competetive behaviour on this subject , and hence has no reason to intervene in one way or another .
In Europe , the crisis has suddenly accelerated , pushing to emergency measures in favour of banks in the United Kingdom , the Benelux , Iceland and Germany , sign that the markets are facing " not only a US crisis , but a global crisis , " added the analyst at FTN Financial .
Waves , tidal currents : here are the new renewable sources on which the behemoths like Chevron have set their eyes , and now trying to get their hands onto .
There was more since 2007 .
The project has turned into an anthologie of flamenco , which will soon be published in a collector ' s book of the portraits exposed at the gallery .
" We must examine all aspects of the case for the coming weeks , to assess the options to adopt so as to avoid the building societies and their members paying a hefty bill " said Mr Cole .
" All the work is done .
It is enough to introduce the smart card Opencard and the coupon bought earlier will make himself on the map .
Number of voters believe that they will find salvation in a which extols the Virtue , the Law and the : They do not see that this government has given up on what was the reputation and the dignity of our country .
" Paul Gadd was not present when " .
I do not refer to those who woke up very awake by about something that happened the day before , but the children who speak during their sleep .
At a conference in the upper School of Public Administration
Will it be a birthday without a genuine party .
We think she committed suicide by suffocation with a plastic bag .
We have resolved our differences of opinion on the form that the scheme of action to stabilise the market must take , " the democrat Nancy Pelosi confided to the Agency Bloomberg .
He complained of scandal when the Prefecture ordered the dissolution of the City Council .
The alarm makes one sad when it sounds almost every morning at 7 a.m. , but it is even worse when one thinks of the agitated rythm that life presents us with .
The head of the Quebec Party , Pauline Marois , has brought up the issue of the development of the North-of-Quebec that the Landry government launched in 2001 .
Has disappear , it is often the historic places and charged with memory , " it is as if a friend of mine was broken , someone that we know , with which we have shared a way and both emotional " observed the director of the movie Nuovo Paradiso film , which offers Tornatore 20 years ago , the first Oscar and the Grand Prix jurée of the Cannes , and telling the poetry of a room of province , and nostalgia a way to live the cinema , lost can be forever .
Welt Online depicts the most important cases .
Similarly , the society Biogate Kft . , which is now in liquidation and in 2003 , made bills on order by the Foundation Jobb Jövo ˝ ért Alapítvány , the association Atlasz Egyesület and the association Vörösfenyo ˝ Egyesület , for a total of about five million HUF , but behind which no provision has actually been provided , has cooperated with the Zuschlags ,
Real estate financial the Bavarian Hypo Real Estate ( HRE ) , the DAX side , gets a consortium of German bank credit a billion to protect themselves from the turbulence .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
There are no precise figures : we are talking about 50 000 people who make their way through the Alps and drown themselves in tankards of beer.10 percent of visitors would have specially come from Italy this weekend .
Paul Newman was one of them . "
How is it possible that prices in the Czech Republic to maintain so high , compared with Europe ?
According to the MEP , it is necessary to raise awareness of these reports in a circle the widest possible , also among the Roma and non-Roma .
" UEFA has constantly on the eye ' .
The implementation has missed .
In a democracy , even critics have the right to speak .
However , I do not think so .
But if you stop and take the time to look at its history , it is a very beautiful city " .
The billions in aid for banks in Europe and the United States does not mask the concerns of investors .
It is the same government that condones torture : it considers it hardly important that a young adult is now psychologically destroyed , probably forever after so many years of violence .
Werner Faymann , the chairman of the SPÖ , confirmed that he wanted to discuss with the ÖVP .
Currently the sisters Cruz take very seriously their new activity in the way .
I believe that we can now feel comfortable to receive or to prescribe a blood transfusion to recover health , " says the head of the direction of Héma-Quebec .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez .
In recent days , Washington Mutual , a bank in the capital of $ 327 has made use of the syndic of bankruptcy , and while the New Yorkers covered in the home for the weekend at this Friday evening , another bank , Wachovia , the savings accounts of a value of $ 440 million , sought désespéramment a buyer for the save .
Only the neural imaging methods have helped to remove the contradiction between the two theories in leading now to a new third explanation . " - said Andrew Schotter , Professor of the Faculty of economics at the University of New York .
What should be a symbol that we can pay for life for a moment of insufficient attention .
Even if he speaks , he is sleeping and is therefore at rest .
The course of action of the great German bank Hypo Real Estate collapses and the Dax into the abyss .
He was born in Ohio in 1925 , to a German Jew father and mother of Hungarian origin .
one must be ready for the return .
" But what we want is that it is not just a spectacle , " commented on the leader Sebastián Proulx , replacing Mario Dumont , which amounts of holiday today .
Student Agency is the only carrier coach services to propose the stewards .
And he adds that it is essential to make the public administration more efficient .
Staging was also made thanks to the music composition and guitars of Jesús Torres and Paco Arriaga , to the popular song of Michel Ortega , el Pulga and Moi de Morón ; the percussions of El Pájaro , and the viola of Rafa El Viola and the collaboration of an actor , Juanfra Juárez , " who plays the role of the eternal companion of the kind of artists who were considered divas " .
When the price of oil , declined to 1980 , the idea of using the marine energy was set aside , but now the bodies environmentalists and the further increase oil give a strong growth in the sector
Journalists are not hard to see where will the web .
But the film maker regret not having secured funding for films as " leader Alatriste " or " The ghosts of Goya " - more than double that achieved for " Sangre de Mayo ’ – , because it has not been able to turn a few scenes written in a script signed by Horacio Valcárcel , with whom he has worked in almost all his career .
And to top it all , they are all listed in a book which will bring relaxation to bookshops on 30 September .
Of the dark influence on the flight of space probes
The savings and transfers of Hesse-Thuringia , which has 85 percent of the capital of the Helaba however , has drawn a lock at the beginning of the year on any union with WestLB .
The Socialists Christians have transformed Bavaria for decades and now , these are the same people who their modern are turning their backs .
, " dancing and the butterfly " reminded me of a Cuban popular dance and " dance of the snake " to some tangos .
On a purely theoretical perspective , I cannot contradict him , but I believe that it cannot be proven .
Issues that arise after the accident : Were the stewards in the car illegal ?
The judgment of Google is therefore somewhat contradictory : it is severely criticised by those who fear the transmission of their personal data , because they believe that their inner world and their private lives suffer when they begin to use Google services . Therefore , they address them in the spirit of revolt against multinational companies who are proud maintaining their public images .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
But in this approach which Christof Koch and Francis Crick followed , one focuses more on the nervous correlations of consciousness than on causal mechanisms : the two may or may not be identical .
To capture moments of personality of these artists we should not photograph them on stage .
But as of today , this new measure against hypocrites is in force , against those who tip and then go to drink coffee in the bar during working hours .
" I do not propose to make peace with Syria solely on the basis of a retreat from the Golan Heights , " he said .
" Yes , we have a serious problem .
Which is on because it will not be easier to manage the CSU injured , and the crisis of the social democrats lasts forever .
Its cost is higher than 1,000 euros and is the responsibility of the driver .
Charges brought against him are multiple murder , assault with intent and interest .
The other sectors of the processing industry have increased between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
But Dannemarie will not know benefit and will not cause major problems with an 11 illhousien who has just fallen slightly for " compacter " his defence , except in the last few seconds to play when , after a big way , the ball was very close to the transversal .
This is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the ' weekend of Italians ' .
Some residents , including the bloggers who had already talked about the move towards the luxury of the East Village , have opposed the idea of selling extra Place , saying that this humble property should remain public .
And this is the New York Times yesterday that we can confirm that the current crisis divides the Republican Party , even more divided between its eve soul East Coast , moderate , in favour of the federal institutions and the business community , and its new soul , on the contrary , conservative , hostile to " those of Washington ' and the world of finance , powerful especially in the Member of the Centre and the South .
For now , no super heroes .
According to the survey , the equipment would have been bought by the company Cash Investment Kft. of Kiskunhalas , which was in liquidation since 14 September 2005 .
Today , the European summit for the Equal Opportunities began in Paris , in which France was host , as representative of the current presidency of the European Union .
The World Energy Council ( WEC ) of London estimated in 2007 , only 15 % of the world ' s electricity needs could be covered by systems exploiting sea currents .
" God created the time of persons perfect
This financing plan which aims at thawing the crisis on Wall Street and the paralyzed credit market , has become the central issue in the presidential campaign .
The target for 2008 : reach 5 million downloads , and given that today there are nearly 3 million and 600 thousand , it is likely that with the release of the new version , we can even exceed the figure planned
Memories of the charming cowboy from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) , the young man rejecting his sensual wife ( Elizabeth Taylor ) in The Cat on a Burning Roof adapted from Tennessee Williams in 1958 return to rock us .
But the opposite will not be ruled out .
The basic models in principle do not support cards with memory exceeding 2 GB .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
The electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital , but also in the surrounding area of the city .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
In this new geopolitical context , the prime minister believes that to occupy the territory is a duty .
The evening of the prizes is presented by Coldplay , with this year , a selection restricted to four categories .
Rieger has been for nearly three decades of the physiothérapeute HSV , it has a great reputation as a former players .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .
Since yesterday , there is also the possibility of buying the voucher over the Internet on the web pages of Dopravní podnik : www.dpp.cz .
The winner will be rewarded with a prize of 300,000 euros .
Steve Ballmer has found that if the computers were sold with only the essentials instead of many unnecessary applications , they would work five times faster .
I feel better than ever , my 30 years am delighted .
The talks , however , have only begun , according to sources in the financial centre .
The saga of Meat loaf will be honoured .
The night flights and hotel would again become profitable - it is the result of a study of the service provider of financial services and travel American Express .
A dark street in the City , Souvent forgotten , and Peut Be soon for sale .
It is entirely invisible , i.e. that it sends nor reflects any electromagnetic radiation , especially visible light .
Two months ago , Locklear has emerged from the clinic in Arizona , where she was interned for care of a nervous breakdown .
" A city without cinemas is a city blind , it is as a face and eyes "
The news has been watered down by the recent concerns that the crisis would be durative .
Saturday night , President George W. Bush spoke to Pelosi , then , the White House also welcomed the news of the agreement .
For years , a mysterious phenomenon has been the cause of confusion among researchers - the anomaly of the gravitationnel effect .
Printed publication against broadcast .
Otakar Jeremiásˇ and Jaroslav Krcˇek arrangements are the authors of the anthem .
Of April to June , the economy class ticket prices have fallen by an average of 12.5 percent compared with the previous quarter , business-class and first class however , the evolution of prices have been far less pronounced .
While the primary debts have barely budged , the secondary loans are flagging .
The strategy of sugar and the whip against drivers
Be careful of grapefruit , orange and apple juice .
And the mobile operator has quite logically the monopoly on its network .
The BBC correspondent Frank Gardner said that this episode had many people from Whitehall .
Therefore , an early prevention is very important , as well as regular screening tests .
The head of state expresses his " sincere appreciation for the ongoing effort in favour of prevention in the workplace , the protection of accident to workers , assistance to the victims ' families and awareness of public opinion "
She is has the right instincts , " warned Bill Clinton this weekend .
Historic Paris Analysis of the sitting Morning Meeting Historic Morning Meeting
Or heels of trial of clothes .
The spots were prepared by the agency Euro RSCG .
The problem of American journalists is money .
" With these 3 % , we manage to maintain an inventory that meets the needs of hospitals .
Verdant announced that it had a long list of clients in expectation of authorisations necessary to draw of energy .
Observed , and emotions are closely linked to the regions of the cortex that characterise the primates and especially Man .
Without making a great match , the yellow and black have created the largest number of occasions and have managed to turn a profit of the match .
The largest owner of the stock exchange of Prague is the investment bank Patria Finance , with about 25 % of holdings , followed by the 14.7 percent of the bank Ceská Sporitelna and the Tiger Holding Four S. a.r.l. with 13.5 percent .
" Godbout , which has created Hydro-Quebec , Lesage who made the quiet Revolution and the nationalisation of hydro-electricity , Bourassa who made the Bay James , our party was able to forge the future , " said Jean Charest .
It is not unthinkable that we do not have to resort to the financing in full .
If the pressure which requires new mergers should increase , the potential partners are gradually him .
The assistant entraineur Cornelius Jol has acquiesé and lifted the inch to approve .
Because , for Barrick Gold , the best way to conduct a public debate would be to ruin anyone who dares to support a position contrary to his ?
Last " the road on the left , " writing it , " you will find the modern public school brown and white , with its gardens and these areas of game well maintained that Howard Miller has always taken care , although he knows just read and write .
The process of marginalization of cinemas , with the birth on the outskirts of big multiplexes , and the death of single hall theatres in central areas of cities , is a major event which is inevitable ; it has all the hallmarks of a genuine cultural crime .
Interest rates have to Hong Kong the same level as the US .
But for the moment , its creation is accompanied by a total silence .
" I have not abused her sexually .
In the case of mobile cheap , do they will play music for a few hours .
Tells us what you do in Paris .
Saturday the rain prevented the celebration of the second scheduled bulls race .
Already for 2007 , they had been spoiled the two thirds .
In return , the state should recover options on the actions of the financial company that can be exchanged reason to changes in the way to reduce the burden on the Treasury Public .
Terms of the support of the financial system will be examined on Monday in the House of Representatives .
According to the renouned political scientist , the erosion of the CSU began well before the sad duo Beckstein-Huber took up office .
Sellers in detail must decide whether they will in turn increase the cost to consumers .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe .
The wrong time has hit the fair , because ultimately two parties on three could not take place .
The Prime Minister does not preclude a large meeting , " not necessarily a summit " , but a time when " there will be a common vision " .
Three buses are reserved for the Italian , in one of the bus travel of brésilens exclusively .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
Their method , made public by the authorities in charge of the investigation , was to receive the money subsidies obtained by issuing fresh bills , behind which no real provision was given and thus , the associations never had no respect their commitments .
For them , they are books - bills the market to Józsefváros , while fabriquaient stamps to Kiskunhalas .
It was Mr Vic Toews , former Minister of Justice ( ironically ) in the cabinet Harper , who allowed the summer to say of Louise Arbour that it was a " disgrace " for Canada .
A government which takes no account of the fact that Omar Khadr was a young teenager at the time of the charges against him are .
Stress is the evil of the twenty-first century .
The Nobel Prize for economy goes to Paul Krugman .
He stressed that the proposal contains the passages of consumer protection that he also supports .
Thus , the probes can save on a lot of fuel .
According to her the final vote could be made by Sunday .
" We need only find a picture to which they react very positively , such as a mother or father , " said the psychologist .
The total amount of aid to the system should be divided into two parts .
' " While the Ministry of Public Administration remains today data on the reduction of absenteeism in the workplace to cause of maladie- writing the association of the people " consommateurs- loafers assets " continues to rise .
In this school students are largely Hispanic , and of families with low incomes .
The Impact will mee the Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
The " economic pressure " that journalists feel has increased by up to 79 % .
Similarly , almost 93 % of students have passed the examination of English-language-arts
On the one hand , Japan is the country of technology and the latest trends , on the other hand , it is tough , disciplined and traditional .
But that does not mean that there are plenty of reasons to buy an MP3 player independently .
She added : " Some people have not appreciated it " .
This means that companies will have to find £ 81 million to settle the interests of the first year .
The office of the minister Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek thinks it will discourage drivers from dangerous driving .
To ensure that no one would know , five fictitious bills received from the society Works Team Kft. were presented to the TMA .
We need to wait to see what you think ...
The legislators thus refused to support President George Bush ' s call to the project .
We have not managed to pass the new law on telecommunications , recently adopted , which extends the powers of the CˇTÚ in the field of economic competition in telecommunications , although many specialists promised an improvement in the situation .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
It is our duty , maintain attention to this phenomenon , not in assessing the alarm on the gravity social , and improve the legislation .
The process must happen in the blink of an eye .
With a goal and simple methods , SV Hamburg reaches top of the league table .
Until now , its admissions are not very detailed , and although he promised on several occasions to tell the last detail , it has not yet done so .
By 228 against and 205 for the representatives have refused to the Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson the means that he asked .
German domestic flights have even been halved according to the study .
It may be that it will not have to wait for long .
" The first day of courses in Japan .
That is how we need information campaigns in the press and above all negative advertisements , believes the psychologist .
According to Rule , the kidnappers wanted to release the hostages women after paying the price .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family which is doing very well " .
Thanks to a technique of palpation of the human brain , it could also find that Catholics have been able to activate the part of the brain responsible for the regulation of pain .
The stars of the flamenco like Diego El Cigala , Chano Lobato , Cristina Hoyos , Enrique Morente , El Lebrijano , Antonio Canales , Vicente Amigo , among others , are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed .
" They could propose to restore and the deal , which also Avalon could do , but we want to maintain public . "
The forgers did not pay attention to the fact that the company HIB Kft . , based in Nyíregyháza , was in liquidation when ( 2001 ) the group of Fiatal Városért Egyesület was supposed to take a meal at home . According to our information , it is for this reason that the liquidator of the company denies having made this bill .
The victory against the project of the motorway enabled it to change its own image .
The interest in the image of Eatonville born with Zora , that everyone here is Hurston .
If Mr Obama really wants to eliminate the differences , it should then consider carefully , the models of education that work , rather than the dismiss or view them as insignificant .
The dancers like a lot of dress for the courts and the tests , to look in the mirror and feel good .
" The strike will continue , " because " the fishermen do not keep " and " do not want to travel to Paris ' , for example , has announced Liliane Cariou , the chairman of the Committee on Fisheries of Lorient .
" We understand the situation and want to be really sure that the words proclaiming that American troops come on German territory not oppressors and enemies , but as liberators , " is written in the letter , signed " Persons , who hold the fate of the Sˇumava close to my heart . "
No , sir I am Spanish but I have lived here two years .
As soon as somniloquy appears try to stay calm .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of the Team Record .
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history .
The song , written by Jim Steinman , required a great voice like Meat Loaf ' s .
BSkyB retorted that being forced to reduce its share of ITV would not be sensible and instead was excessive – especially given that BSkyB had just given up its voting rights .
The name hepatitis is a generic name given to infections in the liver and caused by various virus .
I am pleased because she has agreed to play a role in my work and I am honoured " .
" I am so happy , " he said to reporters .
" The needs are increasing because the population is ageing .
A line of attack stressed since yesterday in television commercials Republican .
You had not long ago 30 years : Has this been hard for you ?
" We have worked very hard on the issue and have made significant progress towards an agreement that will work and will be effective in the market and for all Americans , " said Paulson .
They obtained a grant worth twice 500 000 HUF , but these have not been used for the objectives indicated in the demand .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .
A presidential visit comes at the same time as a General Assembly of the " committe for crisis " created by fishermen of Breton to obtain measures in the face of soaring oil prices , which reached a record of 1.14 euro per litre on average .
The talks come , however , only to begin , said in the financial centre .
The situation was discouraging .
Or will ensure that no one would hope at the moment - that the financial crisis can be overcome in 15 months .
I find that the woman is more mature , has more experience and relishes life with fewer problems .
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciates .
However , it adopted its usual position faced with this problem .
" I am not out of my area " Favre said about all its fishways to Coles .
The assistant entraineur Cornelius Jol has acquiesé and lifted the inch to approve .
In April 2007 , its true father , Terrance Randle , was found dead in his apartment in Plymouth .
In the Borussia , Luhukay has not yet managed to find a functional 11 .
It was sufficient for the mining company to open its books , its files and establish a real debate , through the newspapers , media publications and funding of independent research teams that could shed light on the issue .
It will never be but we must see the " death " the operational system not as an absolute truth but as a truth .
It should discourage the drivers of driving fast and drink-driving .
Paul Newman ( 1925-2008 ) - Death of an icon committed
The five Germans , the five Italians and the Romanian and their eight Egyptian companions are doing well and are safe , announced the Egyptian national television .
Well , except perhaps the candied salted plums , brrrr !
Seth Donlin , a spokesman for the Preservation of Real Estate Agents , confirmed that the city wanted to sell the street , stressing that the agency ' s mission was to develop the property rather than to manage it .
And a privilege for us to have followed the path of an American artist if lucid and if generous .
It will be put to the vote early next week .
Oh , this is life .
You trouves in front of people , of characters that sometimes you do not know or are you just a few minutes to make them a photograph .
I am a woman from the theatre , I am very anxious and concerned , I would like to have everything now but of course it is not possible .
As we have already mentioned several times , the entry of virtual operators on the mobile market has made a significant drop in the price of services .
Finally arrived at Terminal 3 of Heathrow Airport on 22 August and has remained while his lawyer , David Corker , went to the court of jurisdiction limited to Uxbridge , West London , for the recorded in the list of people accused of sexual abuse , as required by Scotland Yard .
His modesty , his sensitivity and a talent who was sinking of source have also away from the register of power that actually giving rise to the real monsters sacrosanct .
The lists of price of these firms tend to get elected .
Sunday , Barack Obama and John McCain , the candidates for the presidency of the two major parties in America , showed their support for the government ' s $ 700 billion rescue plan , but there are politicians who are demanding the resignation of the US Treasury Secretary .
There was nothing left but to collect the hostages " , when suddenly , " this surprise " occurred .
It he : " Beyond the form , the fact that the bill , a hundred people have housed there , not very truthful headline either , since the establishment only eleven Chambers , who do not have the same place .
The probes become so unexpected faster or slower .
In Germany , prices have been falling even more than in other European countries .
Paul Newman was part of that . "
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciates .
After the bankruptcy of Washington Mutual on Friday , the authorities have held the purchase of banking activities of Wachovia by its rival Citigroup .
The team with its new arrivals - the Brazilians Neves and Silva , the goalkeeper Petric as well as Jansen lately of FC Bayern - looks nice enough , but has not shone yet .
The trial subjects have spent half an hour in an MRI scan , meanwhile , have received 20 shock in four part to post , while watching the paint religious issue , is the one to issue more general .
In Asia , Japan ' s Nikkei the main index fell to 11.743,61 points after an increase from 1.26 percent .
The essence of the great masters of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco , released all tensions to get the relaxed aspect of the man or woman .
Although it was once a star of literature , a contemporary Langston Hughes and the only black woman at Barnard College of the 1920s , it was buried in a fall in Fort Pearce from any , Fla , where she lived .
At boarding it is therefore necessary not only to show the smart card the driver , but we must also put the Opencard to the right place on the side of the box .
For example , there is Avalon Bay , the builder of recent luxury buildings on First Street .
This was his response to the taunt : " In any case , my life continues .
For those who accuse the Commission of being useless , given that their views will not be binding , Alemanno replies : " Everything depends on the work that the Commission will be able to do , and the quality of its proposals .
" People were always happy to see Zora " he said .
It is one of the most widespread formats and to hand him , the vast majority of aircraft comes to read the music of format WMA .
. " Many points were made in little time . "
Fortis employs 85 000 people and is part of the 20 largest European banks and the 10 largest insurers .
At the time , I was very pleased to have begun to learn the language two years ago .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
But it is a shame to be wearing them just as underwear .
A court has been told that years of abuse inflicted by his father-led a woman to commit suicide .
In the same way that in a city bus or in a tram .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .
Shareholders and creditors of the bank have nothing more but to hope .
The time limit that we had given was the opening of markets this morning .
With very nervous children and those who have difficulty relaxing , relaxation techniques can be used to help calm them internally .
On a purely theoretical , I cannot contradict him , but I believe that prove .
It would repaver extra Place , and create a smooth transition to the shops and shops , which should open in the new buildings .
It is not just about the attitude of CˇTÚ , which , unlike Britain and other developed countries , has unfortunately not , in the Czech Republic , the power to intervene in the economic competition .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
This vast region is much more developed in humans than in other primates and appears to be entirely absent among other species .
Students become victims of expensive rent ; upto 900 euros for a room .
And a privilege for us to have followed the path of an American artist so lucid and generous .
And furthermore , something even more profound , in a sense , even worrying is a reputation , a suffering , an image of inadequacy , a sense of isolation which tends to involve the entire class of directors in a growing number in the West .
Is a long list of active principles inhibés by the fungus and other juice .
" And this is because we do not know what will the mechanism and the price of buying assets .
In demonstrating the assumption of neurologues , the members of the team players ' against failure " were prepared to put higher than those made by the group and the control group " for victory . "
" Our challenge for the next decade is to maintain the safety of our products .
This is the second weekend of the party of beer , known as the ' weekend of Italy .
The Dre Décary however , in mind that " the trust is extremely fragile " .
The elites in danger .
On demand , the installation CD can be shipped to home or work address .
And here , they give them a lot of importance .
AIG would consider giving more than 15 % of its assets
The waves moves the buoys up and down , which is then converted into water pressure by the pistons and cylindres inside it .
Of particular interest , they say at the Institute for research of electricity , and which deserve special attention at the moment , are tides .
Two minors have helped to remove traces of the double homicide of Ózd
Impact de Montreal has qualified for the semi-finals of the eliminatory rounds of the first division of the USL , thanks to a 3-1 victory ( 4-3 in total of goals ) at the expense of Seattle Sounders yesterday , at the second and decisive game of the series quarterfinals in total of goals , at the Saputo stadium .
The witness said that at 4.30 p.m. , Locklear " based on substance on the accelerator , doing a lot of noise , trying to get out of the car garage , and going backwards several times , she roula on his sunglasses " .
It is not necessary to the store and react with the logic intuitive based on data from previous games . In this way , it uses only a few dozen kilo extend of memory in continues .
Llamazares has asked the Andalusian federation of the United Left to assume its responsibilities in the case Silva
" They believed that once home , being Czech would be beneficial to them , " said Chalupa .
They also have the necessary resources and the legitimacy to use resources : Two invaluable , things which no market or international organisation can never have similar way .
It was full of scrap yard , haillons , barrels , posters , leaves and strings . "
The ADQ said support the adoption of a North Plan by the government .
Which is particularly appreciated by Italian , that is trying to the brewery Hofbräu .
Abuse of a father- " which led to suicide "
In any case it is a phenomenon little studied .
The bloodshed of the US stocks
No combination of roles , but only the desire for a corner where one can elaborate a great project for Rome .
Now , most half of the $ 700 billion can be spent . The first 250 billion will be issued immediately after the adoption of the law by Congress , probably on Monday . This first amount will the Treasury Secretary to buy bad debts of banks , while the use of additional $ 100 billion will be left to the discretion of the President .
In the context of the tragic accident at the coach of society Student Agency almost Padua , Italy , arises the question whether the stewards and passengers can during the journey move within the coach .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
The high-end mobile also allow , for example , the purchase online music .
In most cases , the offers rental are also a number of violations : Contracts free , not registered , without limit of rent , in-kind of letting .
" Yes , we have a serious problem .
Moreover , the state provides a right to buy shares in the banks taking part in the plan . In this way , the risk of taxpayers , since they can even be win in the case as soon as the economy and with it the banks saved will rebound on their legs .
Today , one in 12 million runs the risk of blood be infected with HIV .
The report by the inspector General was very critical of the role of Mr González in this case , saying that he considered him ' chiefly responsible ' for the dismissals , and ultimately abdicated his role as leader , managing remarkably not to involve himself in the case .
This is a problem that must be resolved , according to reporters interviewed , if we want the traditional journalism as the general public , will be reduced substantially .
A spokesman of the Community Islamic local said to be " deeply shocked " to the announcement of this desecration , which comes just for religious month of Ramadan , which is coming to an end .
I believe yes , but in the end they are joined and these activities have a lot in common .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices has developed between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
BSkyB has lost its trial following the verdict of the Competition Commission , which will force it to reduce its participation in its rival provider ITV .
The opposition fears that the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that followed the election process does not recognize the validity of the election .
After the waves , the tides .
Also interesting , are some functions specific modules , such as anyone can compress PowerPoint presentations , useful for example , to send them by email or to import PDF files into the module responsible for graphic elaboration , while retaining the original aspect of the page .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
In the first half , the aircraft manufacturer 97 had delivered .
The shame , Mr Toews , is in this renouncing , and not elsewhere .
World in which we live ?
Share prices being sucked into the eddy in Europe and the United States
This case is one of the many accusations that her .
It is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .
For 46 years , the CSU was the single " sovereign " party of Bavaria contributing 18 % of the GDP .
That is why , according to the researchers , the rise in prices is with the brain to the violent reaction of the striatum .
No current device is as universal as the mobile phone .
During the war , it was , as a German of ' Cˇeské Budeˇjovice , engaged in the Navy in the Baltic countries .
The interests of 2009 cover seven months , from the end of September this year till the end of March .
That is that one aspect of the American mindset kept secret until the end .
Launches T. Izumi , a former member of the studies in California , and former director of the department of education in the Pacific Research Institute for Public Policy , is the co-author of the book " not as Well that you would think . Why the middle class must be able to choose their school . "
The ' rescuers ' must not immediately brandish 100 billion euros , though this would be good if they knew in which case it would be reasonable to ask for taxpayers ' money , with the aim of preventing the biggest damages .
" In other words , it means distribute 12 million blood products before someone is infected with HIV .
" Everything was not very nice to see today , " confessed Marcel Jansen later .
The talks come , however , only to begin , said in the financial centre .
" We have ensured in a letter to the President of UEFA that the preparations for the 2012 European Championships do not suffer . "
Part of the press Madrid is also the scapegoat in Washington .
To imitate the functions of the eye , engineers have put forth the idea of a laser rangefinder .
His lawyers , Michele Gentiloni and Gaetano Pecorella , asked if the estate agent could move from the provincial city to a home in the capital .
A very intense but , at the same time , exciting , day we expect .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
In addressing the draft hydro-electric dam Eastmain1a-Ruper , Mr Charest pointed out that its operation was scheduled for 2012 .
" The practice of faith should change and in many cases , actually change our personality , " said Wright .
For the Democratic candidate , the current debacle " is the final verdict of eight years of bad economic policy implementation by George Bush and supported by Senator McCain . "
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
But the launch of Android being late and the iPhone is already on the market , it will cost them dear .
Mr Bush was happy with the progress in the negotiations
The head of the Department of Justice , the Prosecutor General Alberto Gonzales , is accused of being involved in this case of dismissal , and in the end , he resigned .
It is a benign lack of sleep called somniloquie .
UNIPOL : Court ROME , DANILO COPPOLA remains A GROTTAFERRATA .
In Monica , they are not that girls fine and famous who give their behalf .
Cornelius is the brother of the chief trainer of Hamburg Martin Jol .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed , not elected .
Then I quickly crept in my place .
Although the President can be vetoed by this decision , Congress has the opportunity to put it in a minority .
The middle ground Antonio Ribeiro marked the winning goal in the 90th minute to play .
" This is the ' reformism also emphasises Brunetta .
It will not work , " he stressed .
And it is precisely on energy tides that states such as New York , Maine and Alaska , with others , are looking at the coast , have invested $ 7 million in 2008 and provides investment up to 35 million in 2009 .
We cannot ignore the threat longer - highlights the Tages-Anzeiger in Geneva .
More than a third of students , many of which are newcomers , are studying English .
According to the results of a recent research , the religious belief would work as a kind of painkiller , which would have helped to make more bearable death martyrs Catholics .
A fight taken to extremes : MP3 players against the mobile .
What happens if someone uses my data against me , if we look at what is my work ? Require users , who worry about seeing the monopoly of information to Google .
A former PM of Bangladesh has denied the bail
Of these European roots will generate a glorious faces of the American dream .
As a result of domestic price fluctuations and for export , the prices of industrial production rose by 0.7 % compared with the previous month , and 3.2 percent compared with the previous year .
What I will do that is to give happiness to my son and raise him with a lot of love .
The second weekend of the party of beer is also known as the weekend of Italy .
They are red recall the machines to compost the tickets and passengers have perhaps already noted in the underground stations Roztyly , Budeˇjovická , I. P. Pavlova , Florenc and Vltavská .
This whole process must reflect what the bee does to avoid other bees .
The written version of the economic recovery plan of $ 700 billion to buy the questionable credit of banks , and to reuse this several times , is ready .
They are , indeed , free of the relatively high costs of construction , operation and maintenance the mobile network .
Note the case of Bologna , the first Italian city , which concerned about these closures , has decided to resolve the situation with the signing of a protocol between the Mutuelle and Anec , the first of its kind in Italy , to defend and promote single hall cinemas of historic centres and in the periphery .
To Elena , this is the first time , Luca already the third or fourth time .
The last change , the loss of the ball to Bowens , may well be the most charming
It did in addition to mention of the new husband of Widow Dash and wrote that Lee Glenn " sells drinks of any kind and everything that can serve the people of way .
" He has set the bar high , " said George Clooney , who is perhaps the only person today who is trying to pierce the screen like Paul Newman : By being very honest and having a serious private life a long way from his objectives .
I believe that in the photograph the portrait is the kind of the most difficult .
He took a second look , when the jets transformed a 0-0 into an explosion .
In my view , similar behavious is not enough to prove similar experience .
Until now , physicists could not explain this .
The sailors have already shown their determination on Monday by burning , from early in the morning , tyres and pallets in front of deposits of fuel at the ports of Brest and Lorient , while the demonstrations were under way at Concarneau or St Brieuc .
The director of the company was a man from Romania , who Iván Kubatov would also have sent documents in connection with the society , between 2002 and 2005 .
Criminals painted Jewish symbols , such as the Star of David , on several graves ; the detectives believe , however , that it could have been done to disguise the feeling of hatred of extremists to the Muslim immigrants .
The Spanish bank Santander said yesterday that it would buy the branches and the customer accounts of the British bank .
Indeed , the Prime Minister , who said in April that there would be no election in 2008 and probably not in 2009 , has not ruled out the possibility of a ballot this autumn , which the law allows him .
People pay less and less attention to the operating system but increasingly to their Internet browser .
She would know of the extent of deception only after the divorce .
" All the work is done .
Behind him , during his speech , was projected a kind of windmill of images .
And that is why its application has been received the strategic markets .
This is the site of the newspaper The Equipe who reported the news .
On the other hand , a wave of reputation for the existing leaderships , economic types who have proven to be inadequate and full of grey areas .
The Sudeten called for a referendum in the US
From January to March , prices rose by 6.9 percent in 41 of 48 examined European cities on average , compared with the same 41 of 48 examined European cities in 2007 .
Mr Randle confronted his daughter ' s step-father , who had also written a letter of confession that ended with : " I tied and bound her up regularly " .
Refer Rome , gave the order to leave the Commission for the future of the capital .
While virtually all mobile can read the MP3 files , no MP3 player knows telephone .
The same music for travel , namely music high-pressure , to put it in a simplified , MP3 music .
It is " irritating " to see that the institutions that have had a prudent behavior during the resumption of the housing market , must now pay for the institutions which were much less cautious .
Tourists kidnapped in Egypt are set free
Italian , " whose dynamic salariales- explains the ministre- these 8-10 years have doubled compared to the private sector , and well above the rate of inflation .
New York has hundreds of Avenue , boulevards , streets and other roads in parallel , some famous , other only functional .
But there was always new negotiations on the reunification of the Deka-Bank with the Länder banks .
When the agreement was announced , one would have thought a truly revolutionary step .
Its cargo , more than two tonnes of hashish , what stop them .
For the moment , we have four systems of this kind in phase of the project , pending a single federal approval and part of energy could be used to a military installation .
No final decision has been taken on these cessions , said FT .
Unlike any existing system currently , the avoidance maneuver is entirely a knee-jerk .
Included in the programming of the Month of the photograph Flanders , the exhibition " reflects the international importance of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco , more every day , " explains the creator , which clarifies that " intoxicating spirit of flamenco - people ' " can be anyone but , having seen the pictures , the observer realise that they are not typical images of artists on stage .
Newman , rather than sitting on a myth , has committed to the end .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
How sounds the ' new ' anthem
It is precisely the entry of virtual operators on the mobile market that has led to a considerable reduction in prices , which were subsequently react to the traditional operators .
Attacks on Obama are rising while the date of the elections are approaching .
The spokesman for T-Mobile Martina Kemrová says in a rare agreement with the declaration of O2 : " We have not seen for the moment of project viable and bilaterally advantageous , which could serve as a basis . "
" Because it fascinates me , "
For the Helaba , this is not particularly good news .
, the final vote could be done by Sunday .
The BBC correspondent Frank Gardner said that this episode had ( surprised ? ) people of Whitehall .
Reading the investigation in detail , we see that in Milan , a bed in the Brianza area , is approximately EUR 450 ; a simple room , ranges between 650 EUR minimum ( in Bande Nere ) , to an average of EUR 800 ( in Udine , Lambiate , and Fiera ) to a maximum of EUR 900 ( in Vittoria )
A virtual operator win the Czech Republic this year .
The OSCE , having sent 450 observers from 43 countries , does not recognise the elections as fair .
His spokesman Tony Fratto said that Mr Bush was pleased with the progress made on Saturday and appreciated " the joint effort to stabilize our financial markets and protect our economy " .
In this way , the organizing committee , in accordance with Fermín Bohórquez , Pablo Hermoso of Mendoza and Leonard Hernández , has decided to suspend the celebration of the race bulls .
A Sevillan dancer will pay tribute to a dancer who is also Sevillan .
In the online magazine ' Edge , " contributions are published for several years by famous scientists .
And in addition , there is the currents and the tides .
When we will not be the most expensive
The host of the Festival , Felix Romeo , was confronted by a fascinated public who hardly realized time pass during which the Peruvian , with a staggering memory and with a great deal of humour , described the birth of his literary vocation , which was due to " his thirst to read " and " to live new experiences " ; how he wrote in a " very methodical " manner thanks to the hard work of documentation , correcting and redrafting part of the text to cope with a " lack of inspiration " ; how Faulkner , Victor Hugo and Alexandre Dumas have influenced his vocation and how his memories inspire his novels .
That is how it plays necessarily a dominant role in a certain segment of the business .
The Czech national anthem will , next year , its 175è anniversary .
" I wanted to re-commemorate her because I think it is these women who have had an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights their work , " says Bayón .
A replica of this combination is out of the question .
If someone believes that it is not possible to achieve peace in lieus as the work or through personal relations , this is crazy manual is such a belief .
What ' s more , this week , a change of strategy was discussed at Microsoft .
The only one who relies on a travesty of justice to assess the guilt of the accused .
Worse for El text , who entered the arenas of Los Llanos without effort or glory .
The Dow Jones index lost nearly seven percent , following a fall of such a scale for the last time in 1987 .
" The entry of a virtual operator on the mobile market would be possible following the conclusion of an agreement between a mobile operator and the virtual operator in question about renting the necessary infrastructure .
No one was afraid to go to ridicule or to exaggerate .
For example , bees .
Run ! Run to reserve the seats at the far end of the tent .
MP3 players put hearing at risk .
Not in front of the cashier ' s desk , neither to withdraw nor to deposit money , but before the counter for customer service , where the usual customers get their checkbooks , tourists ask for directions to Macy ' s , and the new customers opened their accounts .
But I do not know how the show .
Often mentioned in conversations with the Prime Minister recently , the opening of the north - the 49th parallel northern territory - had never been the subject of a presentation .
Unlike the politicians of the opposition , the Russian observers have accepted the democratic elections .
Sixth Street on analyses , in practice , a constant assessment of capacity and an exemplary attitude .
The Rock star Meat loaf , must be honoured at Q Awards for his epic singing Bat Out of hell .
Thanks to this , they have sought to calm angry members of the group and the basis that one day after the Bavarian " tsunami " demanded of personal consequences for the loss of an absolute majority .
Eatonville is classified as a historic city since 1998 .
The money comes from private banks as well as from banks in the public sector .
I believe that in the photograph the portrait is the kind of the most difficult .
Ago for five years , it is true , even under the direction of Edmund Stoiber , at the top of his career - the socio-Christian union had 60.7 % , while today , a year after the coup against Stoiber , there are only 43.4 percent of their strength .
" This remains between us , but I forsee it happening , " he confided to his militants , eliciting a huge round of applause from them .
They say so much about he , I know , many things are not true .
The interior minister wants the driver who has had more than three administrative penalties for alcoholism , to install in his vehicle a system which prevents the vehicle from starting in a state of drunkenness , or if he refuses to have his breath checked .
No title could no longer make profits .
Sylvana already know that word thanks to Mangas - in her new exchanges Log , she speaks of Japan .
Transactions with the CˇEZ shares rose almost half the usual daily exchanges .
" She had a disoriented look about her , " that is why the agents led her to the center for drugs and alcohol to conduct a test .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
's investigation reveals that the Public Prosecutor ' issuers ' have also made mistakes by mentioning as provision the transport of goods by road , that the company emitter bills could not exercise , given that its profile was the council in investment .
Other sources say that the refinancing would be provided through the funds until the end of 2009 .
Generosity , love of life were vibrants features of the actor .
Despite all their efforts , it is still not sure that their plan will the green light .
Then , when I became a dancer , I was trying to take care of my way to pay .
The pressure spin a turbine which in turn , leads a generator .
" We owe the overall financial disaster to the US president , " the daily of Rome , La Repubblica accused . " The president was not even been able to block with his own party behind a bill , improvised in a hurry , aimed at helping a desperate situation ... "
But it emerged then , that prosecutors dismissed were not more criticism that their colleagues , which incita some observers to give these redundancies a political undertones .
According to the results , the Catholic believers were able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
The more losers of the Dow Jones were on this date American Express who lost nearly 14 percent and Bank of America with a loss of about 12 percent .
His Rachel , Rachel , in 1968 ( according to the saga of the Canadian Margaret Laurence ) , with his wife Joanne Woodward were leading role in the end , traçait a female portrait of melancholy .
It provides for : better control of its implementation by the elected representatives , new mechanisms to ensure the reimbursement of public money , new provisions to contain the number of houses seized for default in payment , and a right to scrutinise the salaries paid to executives of rescued companies .
The new plan provides for the payment of a first installment of 250 billion to which will be added another 100 billion if the President thinks it necessary .
It is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .
The song of nine minutes 50 seconds , was the title of the hit of the album of Meat loaf of 1977 .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
It is quite common , especially among children and adolescents .
Shortages are very rare .
It represents both a historical model of a takeover of blacks and a community of nearly 2,400 people where the poverty rate is twice the national average .
Moreover , there is another question to the ÚOHS .
With a goal and simple methods , the SV Hamburg becomes first of the league .
The world over , stock markets fell to their knees .
The lists of price of these firms tend to come to a select few .
" But above all , a greater sense of responsibility of employers with a phenomenon which represents a social emergency . "
One aspect is that the circuits associated with almost always to human consciousness include the cortex latéral préfrontal ( of its participation in the short-term memory and in senior management and implementation ) .
Try not to excite the child before it goes to sleep .
The number of stages for the European Championship could possibly be reduced from eight to six .
Josef Pokorny ´ , the director of the Department of road traffic , believes that the law deals sufficiently with the problem .
The talks , however , have only begun , according to sources in the financial centre .
For them , sugar is represented by , for example , to save time when they grillent a red light .
If it is impossible to study and to discuss issues that do not like the rich companies in the world in a country such as Canada , repeated charges , which can do so ?
What could be really interesting is that the accused , János Zuschlag himself , decides to lift the veil from the whole story .
A forecast that unleashed a lot of controversy , and which brought the economist a lot of critisism for years , but now has proved correct .
Brunetta : " From today , breakfast before the work " .
Moreover , the programme differs from the original proposal made by the Bush administration , which she stated that the $ 700 billion should be spent only once , to buy securities on the appropriations dubious .
But the Mexican press knows who are the Princes of Asturias and knows the importance of the journey .
Elena attack by Luca , then the embraces .
As the network has not changed much over the human evolution , it could quite part of horizontal sensations of all kinds .
According to the dancer , " we are not trying to tell his life but to translate its way of thinking .
Who will take the place of George W will be a huge stain to do .
This can be explained by the fact that Google , unlike Microsoft , does not ask its users of identification code , is not asking for money for its applications . The code documentary and the package of programmes , continually cooler , has a much more accessible , younger and more page , faced with the practice of official of the software giant .
Stars in the starry sky of Paris .
Even veteran taxi drivers and and long time local residents aren ' t able to give proper directions to Extra Place , because they have never heard of it .
The new Czech anthem has four new versions .
The development of the North would be in line with the principles of sustainable development .
The two right-wing parties that have won almost 30 percent of the votes , the Freedom Party and the Alliance for the Future of Austria , led a campaign against immigration . Some of their slogans were even considered , according to critics , as xenophobic .
Monica Cruz is small but full of vitality .
Following the experience , we cannot shake off the impression that the confusion in the competences their is in these cases more than good .
If adrenalin does not course through your veins to restore the balance of your body and if the stress has become a problem , it is time to sit in the sofa , to disconnect from your spirit and focus on reading .
" We are discussing the expansion of this project to success , but in the Czech Republic the negotiations are not very promotrices .
But how can we ensure that it has the same feelings when it behaves in the same way as we do ?
The other sectors of the processing industry have increased between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
Oil prices fell sharply on Monday , because people fear that the rescue plan for the financial markets , will not be able to revive the economy .
Then , when I became a dancer , I was trying to take care of my way to pay .
What is it that I was excitée .
As regards readers , you do need , without exception ( iPod ) , no software .
To capture the moment of personality of these artists we should not make photos on stage .
The intelligent car imitates the flight of a bumblebee
Petr Koblic , the director of the stock market in Prague , said last week that among those involved , the stock exchange of Warsaw would be the least desirable new owner , and has not ruled out the fact that this could lead to the disappearance of the stock market in Prague in the future .
They are often linked to other changes of sleep as the nightmares , the night terrors which were , the énurésies pipi to bed at night ( be ) or sleepwalking , but it is not always the case .
The profession has not always been kind to the handsome Paul Newman to whom roles fell badly for a long time .
There is no single cause which determines its occurrence
This wave of admiration swept Hollywood without care for either nationalities or passports .
The development of Orlando has already pushed Interstate 4 up to the west of the city .
The Nasdaq stock market index of technology was at 1548 points with a fall of more than seven points .
According to Bush , the project should solve the main causes of the financial crisis and to help stabilize the economy as a whole .
Microsoft is right , its operational system is important but also its software .
" Everything has been done to put out the real economy and the ordinary Americans of the ongoing crisis on Wall Street , " said the democrat .
Has 35 years , Gebrselassie won the 26ème world record of its successful career in which he won the World Cup or the world record for any distance , the 1600mètres of the marathon .
Which explains why the residents are both proud and protectors .
They go at night , remain the whole day at the festival and return at 10.30 p.m .
The big words were not lacking in the letter from the steering committee of WestLB to employees of the house .
Through the Personalized Search program launched two years ago , users can , for example , store their own search history and can see what they have sought , what they have clicked on . Thanks to this , in the long term , recommendations , based on the same logic , will be able to give much more personalized answers , and will submit products and services on the basis of previous statements and registered preferences .
It would have taken note of the extent of deception only after the divorce .
Since its creation , on 28 September 1998 , Héma-Quebec has applied the precautionary principle .
There is even people who swear : If Obama wins , we leave the United States .
Sarkozy at the meeting of fishermen angry
In exchange , we are recovering influence and a right to vote in the bank .
" A woman is dead . "
It is enough to fill , through the USB connector , the apparatus of music from the computer .
The collar workers continue to queue to buy their sandwich matinier merchants to happen , and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h in the week .
However , it is quite unlikely that an echo of such activity was not able to the leaders of the mobile operators .
And increases even more convinced of the various classes , before the actions are the same ideas of social elites until now at their peak , their way to listen and to be , their culture in the complex acceptance of the term , to have the same time , and to be more foreign to the views of majorities .
The mistakes are starting with the withdrawal of dossards , which you have to go ahead .
The police of Munich is reinforced by seven policemen of South Tyrol , by the Italian rescue volunteers who bear the Bavarian Red Cross making a statistic on the countries where the Italians occupy the first place before the British ( 60 interventions ) and the Austrians ( approximately 80 ) with nearly 200 medical interventions in all .
Cooperation between several people is something that has resulted in improvements in the various applications : in the worksheets , various users can intervene , avoiding conflicts on the changes in the drafting of texts , because every employee is attributed a colour for comments , so that there is greater recognition in the process of revision .
Nothing is yet come out of this display ternaire .
Is to be ready for the return .
The most expensive action in Czech history targetting road safety .
What method would be best to develop technologies which are able to avoid an obstacle , than to look at systems in nature that do exactly the same thing ?
Immigrants : The New York Times asks itself whether Italy is racist ?
It begins with a section instrumental that has lasted almost two minutes .
According to Merkel , concealing his disappointment caused by the fiasco with difficulty , the loss of ground of the CSU will not negatively influence the grand coalition of Berlin .
Then , when I became a dancer , I was trying to take care of my way to pay .
The pace was not very supported during this meeting where the attackers were difficult to speak .
We can , of course , make music directly on the map memory , but little card readers know go without reduction , given the dimensions tiny memory cards used in mobile .
According to the information of MTI , the young man had premeditated the crime . The weapon with which he was going to commit the crime was hidden on the scene of the crime .
The main cause is that according to estimates , only one in ten patients receiving medical treatment .
We advise you on how to make a choice .
The future , says that the mayor of Rome , " will not be limited to the usual local border , but will go further " not only in the context of the future metropolitan city and its legal status as Capital , but also in relation to the role that Rome can and should be , as Capital of Europe and the Mediterranean ' .
In a recent past , 15 of these banks have failed .
The septuagenarian McCain has repeatedly put forward his indisputable experience in foreign policy , while emphasising the " naiveness " of his opponent in these matters that were at the heart of this first contest .
The Congress agreed that the government of the United States could inject $ 700 billion into banks
When a rat is a danger , it is the same as many other animals : It is the death , fled or attack .
Unfortunately , the Czech regulators deal with this issue in the way of a hot potato disposed of by passing to the nearest target .
Anyway , despite all these arguments , the map winner for democrats is George Bush .
Martina Kemrová said about this : " Competition on the mobile market was , moreover , recently increased by the entry of a fourth mobile operator to the market .
Said Sunday to Reuters Barney Frank , the chairman of the committee of the banking and financial regulation of the House .
Much more irregularities occur in the speed .
The operational system will always be necessary because it is essential for the hardware and software to understand each other .
Following a work of almost a year ago , carried out by developers volunteers , monitored by Sun Microsystem , the new package Open Office is the public with various innovations : Of the screen to welcome , and the interface reviewed and become less dry , to other more important , as the compatibility born to the system opératif Apple Mac os X , and support for the new format ODF ( Open document format ) 1.2 , the latest version ISO standard .
Eric Smith made another happening and was intercepted .
Whose orders seem to have been similar : and hurry up with the second goal !
According to the vision of the newspaper El Mundo , it is the failings of the political direction there that has led the global economy to the brink of collapse .
Thirdly : ' This evening , be back here has ten and a half hours battery is understood ? !
You will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , he is not sufficiently aware to organize his thoughts .
Illhaeusern has finally found the road to victory on the ground after a long period of famine .
Associated with late in the negotiations , the two candidates in the US presidential election were rather in favour of understanding , without fail , however , to express their dissatisfaction that you need to get this far .
The report was critical of officers of the White House , legislators and former Prosecutor General , Alberto Gonzales .
The sun was about to set but its rays forced one to shielf ones eyes to see the royal couple get off the plane .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
For me , it was clear that I had to travel there some day .
Because I have also a weak to the traditions , customs and habits .
It is certain that more than one speaks during the night .
And this isn ' t noisy for the Italians , explains Marco Guarda .
Has Bologna , where students are concentrated in areas close to the University , 250 / 280 euros for a bed in a double , and 370 to 500 for a simple .
Saturday that is the rain that prevented the celebration of the second race bulls planned .
More than four hundred people profitèrent of service during the morning .
Would viewing a better quality painting of the Virgin Mary induce better results ?
According to the Russian observers , this is due to a country ruled by Alexander Lukashenko , who ensures prosperity and stability , while according to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , this is because illegalities are made in the counting of votes .
His fellow Democrat in Ohio , Mary Kaptur believe that these are the same people who are taking action , as those responsible for the collapse of Wall Street .
But the committee would prefer that the street rest in the hands of the city , and asked to submit a new proposal next month , said Susan Stetzer , the local manager of the Committee No 3 .
And do not forget the deposit .
In the whole of the processing industry , prices have risen by 10.2 percent during the past year .
I conclude that an emotional system such as the fear is activated in a brain aware of its own business .
The boxeur Rocky Graziano , delinquant , tormented , violent , unforgettable in Somebody Up there Likes Me ( marked by hatred ) , or Robert Wise , a role intended for James Dean , resumed after his death , which really launched Newman in 1956 .
Graffiti on the walls , an empty bottle of beer of 22 onces , lies beside the newspapers that have just been thrown .
Mixed blood often makes beautiful children .
High-end mobiles also allow , for example , the purchase of music online .
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ , the spokesman for Vodafone , in doubt : " The Czech market is relatively small to an approach segmentaire , which is based most of the virtual operators .
The song is ensured by Katerˇina Kneˇzˇínková and Adam Plachetka .
They desperately need this , indeed , and I shows you an example .
New cases of positivité the last Tour de France : It is the Austrian team Gerolsteiner , Bernhard Kohl , qualified third , and winner of the jersey the best climber .
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history .
Passengers can receive their coffee and their newspaper upon boarding .
No operator , however , is against such a procedure .
Today we are starting in March we end , in June we learn the sums .
Prices are not the lowest .
The reason may be that geeks see exactly the problematic relationship between the rights of the individual and the Internet , and what the Web 2.0 , the keyword of recent years , really entails .
Since the disease can be detected by a routine examination in the laboratory , it is advisable to consult a doctor treating from the observation of symptoms of unknown origin .
The SPÖ wants to show that the cooperation of both parties is indeed possible - that is what already exists in certain regions and in the Socialist partnership .
For many , the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices .
Paul Newman the magnificent
Sudanese soldiers had done this Sunday six of the kidnappers in the border area between Sudan , Chad and Egypt , and had arrested two of them .
Krugman is one of the largest criticism solutions in economy and foreign policy of the Bush administration .
The company has analysed reservation data for the first half of 2008 and has established that after a price increase in the first quarter , a sharp fall in profits was witnessed in the second quarter .
Shortly after , the witness , who initially had not recognised the actress saw Locklear stop in the middle of the motorway and get out of her car .
In fact , it is not interested too the bus , but rather the points system , the maximum speed on the motorway and the use of mobile at the wheel , " said the expert Horˇín .
But that would require also some efforts from Damascus .
But that is precisely that would seem strange the CˇTÚ .
Moreover , it is these bills that were found in the raid on the office of Árpád Kemecsei , at the Ministry of Education .
There are even people who swear : if Obama wins , we leave the United States .
But the court was told that Ms Randle , assiduous volunteer of National Trust , was haunted by the abuses that had been inflicted on her twice a week .
But we must not give up so easily .
Almost two Republicans out of three rejected his plan .
This 1 : 0 ( 1 : 0 at half-time ) , the team of Hamburg the needs to a successful in the head by Mladen Petric ( at the eleventh hour ) ; and the fact that the very low Gladbach players could not do any harm to the weak players of Hamburg .
No , not Mr , I am Spanish but I have lived here thinking two years .
Young and opponents were demonstrating Sunday evening in the main square in the capital of Belarus to reject in advance of the elections .
'Four hundred prominent professors of economy , including three Nobel Prize winners , have written to tell us : we request Congress not to hurry but carefully examine the route to be taken , " he said yesterday .
In New York , Wall Street opened with losses sensitive .
Young people have recognised the facts that they are accused . For the moment , they are accused of complicity .
On trade terms , the stock exchange of Prague fell
On the road , someone nails yellow hats to the trees , the signs and even an election poster of a large Bavarian People ' s Party , so as to easily find the return path .
The global financial crisis has a significant impact on the falling stock markets .
At that time we witnessed the outbreak many cases of the human form of mad cow disease in Europe , a new variant of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , recounts the one that stood strong since its founding in 1998 .
Only a few days ago , the big investor Warren Buffett was involved in society .
The cinema of the 1950s and 1960s we dazzles and we let much for our collections .
But I think it has appreciated the end of the match .
In this way , the ODSZ has abandoned its originally planned boycott .
'I want to become a young mother ; the candidate does not worry me "
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index has gone awry by 2.1 percent to 18.286,90 points .
And do not forget the deposit .
Despite these circumstances , as a photographer , I always attempt to convert my ideas into reality " .
The political analyst David Gergen believe that the performance of John McCain , although honourable , was not sufficiently " brilliant " to allow him to halt the decline in the polls for the presidential elections that he had been seeing for five weeks .
Negotiations to ransom are already underway .
" Sometimes what one feels goes beyond any expression , and now I have lost a great friend , " wept Robert Redford , " my life and my country were better thanks to its existence .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
Andik , the owner of Mango galant , a man , and the Baron of Rotchil have finished the evening without jacket because they had lent to two women .
It has not failed to describe the economic ideas of McCain of outdated .
The first time this happens may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
To produce energy on a large scale , however , we must use of technology with a higher environmental impact .
As bold in life as in her literature , Hurston led readers to a shop owned by the first mayor of Eatonville , Mr Joe Clarke , which was then divided into several private parts .
We do not have to look too far to find examples .
The same man who milita for civil rights was also the car pilot who classa second to the Mans 24 hours in 1979 , doubled of a sex symbol , albeit a member of a couple model formed since 1958 with the actress Joanne Woodward were .
The market for students try does not know of crisis
The proposal of this potential acquisition was made public in the meeting of this month .
Staying the night would involve unnecessary costs , explains Marco .
The global financial crisis has a significant impact on the markets of actions that are falling .
The documents that he has lost contained assessments on Al-Qaeda and the resources of the security forces in Iraq .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is complete with the Palais Chigi .
No one with operator , however , is against such a procedure .
It should discourage drivers from driving fast and of drunk-driving .
But the Illhousiens goal scorer was not able to enjoy his happiness long and was be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving his team mates with one man less .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
And if we start to list all his appearances , we could also mention the strapping moustachu who lifted weights in a travelling circus .
It is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .
The state financier had , according to a newspaper article , refinanced itself in a very short term for projects in the long term for which it had borrowed money - which is no longer possible given the distrust towards the markets .
It belongs exclusively to the Office for the protection of economic competition ( ÚOHS ) .
At the end of last April , the City Council of Gioia Tauro had been dissolved ; already in 1991 , and always because of alleged pacts between organised crime and the local government , local politicians had been released from their function to administer the City .
- It has ajouté- " we must make a further effort on the communication and awareness of public opinion .
It was a blow for everyone .
Last week a delay has happened in the new version of Windows Mobile 7 .
McCain , on his part wanted to build a fleet of 45 nuclear power plants by 2030 .
A cockroach flees before danger , but does it feel fear ?
This means that companies will have to find £ 81 million to settle the interests of the first year .
According to the results , the Catholic believers were able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
BSkyB had bought its share in 2006 following an agreement to prevent NTL , – now called Virgin Media - buying ITV .
You are what you divulge about yourself .
The film maker of " Volver a empezar " has impressed with his usual way of working on the stage direction of actors , with who he practices before shooting and to whom he gives no casting , since it seems " humiliating " and considers that " the role of the filmmaker is to go to the cinema , or the theatre to remain informed " .
The figures provided by Anec , the main association of traders , says : in the last five years , 316 traditional cinemas to have closed , and it is the halls of the main cities that have especially paid the price : 10 fewer in Florence , 9 in Milan , Naples , Bologna and Rome , 6 in Turin , 5 in Palermo .
The right-wing camp is intact , it is only inside the party that voters have become more aware , more critical and more stubborn .
In the Swedish town , prices hotels are with an increase of EUR 26.3 percent , the highest in Europe .
In the Czech Republic , no chance , say the mobile operators
Across the world , every year , a million people die of the most serious form of the disease , such as cancer or the cirrhosis of the liver damage from hepatitis B .
This information stems from , among other things , a letter preserved in a private archive , which is now a part of the the collections of the Jihocˇeská veˇdecká knihovna .
" It is a traditional position that all governments have reiterated .
In the online magazine " Edge " , contributions by famous scientists are being published for several years .
The return of the good of the 10-year Treasury fell to 3,632 % , against 3,827 % on Friday evening , and to 30 years to 4,161 % , against 4,357 % the previous day .
Hence only the event on Friday took place
Why your new collection created to Mango for the fourth season ?
They go at night , remain the day of the festival at 10.30 p.m. , and fall .
Microsoft is seeking a virtual ( see )
Even if it is a shame to be just as underwear .
The architects of the plan would like to see put to the vote in the House of Representatives from today , and the Senate on Wednesday .
The other research - The University of California , Berkeley , claims also to be researching in a new adhesive .
But it is said , keep our eyes wide open , it is not without reason .
Researchers hoped that the sight of the Virgin Mary would create a kind of state of faith among the believers , while the painting of Da Vinci , not very different from the first , would have a calming effect .
US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Then they found a cyst in his vocal cords .
Other applications could affect the aerospace engineering .
The reasons for this fall in prices would be a slowing economic growth , explains the firm .
The Thai authorities stopped him at passport control , and in the end , he went to Hong Kong .
And will the inhabitants of the territory be the First United and the Inuits ?
One has the impression that the traditional elites , their parties , their programmes , but also their observance , their newspapers , their accredited intellectuals , their format , someone would have more difficulty , which is not new , to understand and therefore to represent the layers deep Western societies , and that the economic crisis strengthens , increases and wave potentially too much .
It is now become a city of pilgrimage
Monica Cruz is petite but full of vitality .
Krugman is one of the biggest critics of the economy and foreign policy of the Bush administration .
The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong stock exchange lost four percent during the exchange , but later , it made up for part of losses and reduced the drop to approximately 2.5 percent .
If the plan will be adopted now , or early next week , is , according to Marek , not as important as that .
So , in just 100 words , Hurston to a combined Eatonville self government but also analphabétisation , on remariage , and sex .
It is astonishing that in recent weeks , this is precisely the classic groups of citizens who are rather far away from CSU , such as the self-employed artisans , holders of degrees and graduates of studies higher .
I am curious to know if I could see this here as well .
But I do not know how to prove it .
After spending during the last eight seasons , more time than anyone in uniform of the Jets , Shaun Ellis , the defender thought himslef to have seen everything .
The leader of the Hungarian diplomacy is in negotiations today onwards in Washington .
The other sectors of the processing industry have increased between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
Járóka said : We need to break the vicious cycle of poverty and segregation
Even the telecommunications regulators lack the tools necessary for the opening of the mobile market to virtual operators , " said Chaloupa in his statement .
The experts say a technology still in its infancy , from the fact that the marine energy dispelling fears about the environmental impact .
For example , Avalon Bay , the manufacturer of recent buildings of luxury on First Street .
The historical cinemas are closing in favour of Multiplex .
The wait lasted more than 35 minute ; , it is incomprehensible given that 11 000 people are expected to these races .
Another English , whom Sam Mendes , said that work with Newman was the top of his career .
The shares of Goldman Sachs Bank showed a drop of almost 10 % .
But the coach can have an accident or brake suddenly at a time when the steward serves coffee or distributes newspapers .
Of April to June , prices were already 3.6 percent lower than the previous year .
If not , you can use the integrated bodies that virtually all mobiles have , but very few MP3 players .
It will not work , " he stressed .
" It works , observed , " it worked for us "
The perception of the obstacle is taking place in a split second , and then the mini self robot , imitating the movement of bees , immediate changes the direction of its wheels in the turning point of a light enough to avoid a collision .
According to Senator Harry Reid , Democrat évadiez legislators are so that Congress will lead to a final agreement by Sunday .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family which is doing very well " .
During the break , they then took out their Bentos .
Many residents were fascinated , Mr Franklin said , while many made fun of her .
The pace was not very sustained during an encounter where the attackers found it difficult to do anything .
Concerns for the Afghan campaign antipolio .
It is a shame that , from an ethical and moral point of view , the government does not respect the existing laws .
In Germany , prices have been falling even more important than in other European countries .
Yes , there are solutions .
In terms of points , the biggest drop in its history ( 684,81 points ) had previously been recorded on 17 September 2001 , the day of the resumption of trade after the terrorist attacks of 11 September .
They have a personality and a unique character .
He shouted the scandal when the Prefecture ordered the dissolution of the City Council .
The Tan have allowed to shorten the period silent , which stretches between the time when the person has been infected and when the first virus can be found in blood by our technical , explains the specialist .
Five paragraphs in the guide to the Florida transformed this city , located just outside of Route 17 , a road that runs through the centre of Florida , often forgotten , which ends in a chapter in black history of the human drama .
The party of racing banderilles which concluded the bulls of the rat of Pozoblanco has been suspended yesterday morning , after the horse toréadors to have established that the ring was unworkable .
And accentuating still further the sense of urgency , " every day that goes by ushers the fall of a financial institution " in the US , said Mrs Piegza .
Behind him , during his speech was thrown a kind of mills in pictures .
The general coordinator and Member of the United Left , Gaspar Llamazares , said today that it is up to the regional federation to take a decision on the case of the former advisor of Youth and Sport of the City of Seville , Francisco Manuel Silva , who resigned last week after being accused of nepotism .
Among the rain of tributes which déferlait yesterday on Newman , a great friend and former colleague of weapons Robert Redford ( they had played together in The Sting and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ) said , very saddened : " His presence has made my life and this country better . "
Every day , in Italy , there are 2500 accidents at work , 3 killed and 27 people who are disabled permanently .
The life of this woman who was the history of the dance in Europe in the interwar , has fascinated Isabelle Bayón .
In the first half of 2008 , the night flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .
Sheikh Hasina should return after 17 October , said a former leader of the Awami Party .
This month , at a meeting of the committee of owners of the neighbourhood , representatives of the city agency of Avalon Bay have outlined a proposal to allow a real estate agent to buy the street .
The payment of another 350 billion will have to be ratified by another vote in Congress .
The spring , Mikitenko aged 36 years , has surprised everyone winning the London an in 2 : 24 : 14 .
We need to continue with the recovery plan for the markets , but we ' re there , " said Paulson
The public is waiting for the time , without really hiding it , when Google will reveal its true nature .
The programme will be overseen by an independent body , in which the chairman of the Federal Reserve will take part .
The price of crude oil fell by 7 percent to $ 99.80 a barrel . The New York Mercantile Exchange during sales this morning .
A rat or cafard fled before the danger , is it that it means that it is also fear ?
If it had done that , " we would be more advanced today " commented Mrs Marois alongside her candidate Jean-Achilles ( elections held today ) , Françoise mercury .
Property which cannot be sold is a great liability to financial firms and threates the entire system . These should be bought by it from financial companies .
" Today , the city has five , but by the end of the year , there should be eighty , " added Opatrny ´ .
The crisis of 2008 for these journalists is a crisis of economic model destroyed .
A bitter and retaliatory billiards player in the magnificent The Hustler of Robert Rossen ( 1961 ) , he played the character again in The Color of Money of Martin Scorsese , which won him in 1987 his only Oscar out of nine nominations .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
We think she has suicidée by suffoquant with a plastic bag .
While Hong Kong is part of China , it establishes its monetary policy itself , that is , independantly of the Chinese central bank .
The wrong time to spoil the rat of Pozoblanco
Price reductions have taken place in the sectors of production of textiles and textile products ( 2.5 percent ) , as well as in the manufacture of machinery and electrical appliances ( 0.3 percent ) .
More than 90 graves were severely damaged in the graveyard of Traun , near Linz , between Friday night and this morning ; it was according to the police , an organized act .
At the time , the department said that the prosecutors were dismissed because of poor performance .
You do not think - you pay for it .
Of the subtle degrees of feeling , associated with our volubile nature , emerges , because we have the ability , with the help of words and grammar , differentiations and categorisations of the state to put the blame on others .
In the MDAX , the shares of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
The unforgettable interpreter of " Butch Cassidy and the Kid " died as a result of cancer at the age of 83 years , in his house in Connecticut .
" An affront to the legal and moral normatives , and especially in the right direction " write prosecutors , that the two local authorities had expressed a willingness to pay consultations to Maître Piromalli .
Other European stock markets also have known that a direction : In London , the FTSE 100 index has seen a decline for the moment of 3.2 percent , the CAC 40 in Paris has lost 2.9 percent .
" We no longer have any time to lose .
All come to read the MP3 and the vast majority of music that will arrive until you will precisely this format .
It was a victory for a country that has taken the trouble to impose against a suicidal food culture .
However , the law will still many changes .
We don ' t need a capacity of gigabytes , or even of megabytes .
The House of Representatives should be able to proceed on Sunday to the vote of the law , and the Senate on Monday , made it " Republican Senator Judd Gregg .
. People signs indicate the street .
Simply , Naomi Campbell has called , I have known for some time , to invite me to participate in London a parade of charity for his involvement in favour of support for women and clothing that we exhibions - I have exhibited two clothes of our collection created for Mango - were sold at auction to collect money for the NGOs of Naomi .
The famous Austrian journalist Gustav Chalupa , born in ' Cˇeské Budeˇjovice , confirms this .
To imitate the functions of the eye to facets , engineers have raised the idea of télémètre to laser .
The Crown Prosecution Service has suggested that the ministerial officer is placed under the tutelage of the Metropolitan Police , given the sensitive nature of his work related to the Committee associated with the secret services
It is also the issue of contention in the letter of the current directorial committee : in all eventualities , a ' global solution ' for the establishment will be aimed for .
Not in front , because that way we create a block , and not all the yellow caps on the same benches , we must distribute them in the hall ! '
" The first day of course in Japan .
The times jostle through his path .
Heinz-Christian Strache , who has abandoned the right of the Austrian Freedom Party , and Filip Dewinter of the Belgian right Vlaams Belang , take part in a demonstration to present the organisation ' cities against Islamisation ' in Antwerp , on Thursday 17 January 2008 .
Of course , Fodor was not like that .
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague
" It is a bad signal to the market , which Congress unable to adopt a plan , " said Lindsey Piegza , FTN Financial .
" I am surprised and even a little shocked at the speed with which the memory of scandals such as the collapse of Enron and WorldCom , have disappeared from public attention " said Krugman at the end of 2002 .
Expansive this wave of admiration balayait Hollywood without either the nationalities or passports .
On television , President Lukashenko and the members of the central electoral commission welcome their success .
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen .
A group of other issuers of bills is composed of those who were well aware that they were asked to forge bills .
Has side of the primary functions , the telephone calls and sending SMS , it is able to read music and films , to register them , it has a camera of varied quality and can , for example , to serve to shipping .
But this time , Elena accompanied him as his sweetheart , and therefore there is nothing like it , he says .
But it is difficult to convince people to give their blood , but above all to retain and encourage them to become regular donor .
1001 , the antistress number
The first time this has happened that may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
Among the groups of internal trade and in the allocation of sectors , in August , the initiators of profit on investment which showed a rise of monthly price the most significant ( 0.7 percent ) .
The supercolle to walk on the walls .
Since I was very little I loved clothes ; I love to go to my grandmother ' s house to look in my aunt ' s closet , and to see her clothes .
At the trial against him , last week he had secured his release but with a compulsory house arrest in Grottaferrata .
" We are pleased with the progress achieved tonight , and we greatly appreciate the efforts of both parties to stabilize our financial markets and to protect our economy , " said Tony Fratto , the spokesman for the White House .
The first new of the failure of the rescue plan have driven the Dow Jones temporarily 700 points .
A great tragedy arrived
The change of strategy is welcome .
The genial thug in the brilliant The Sting , winner of an Oscar for best film in 1973 .
It would be absurd to buy expensive gramophone for the house a high-end to put the new album of Maxim Turbulenc .
The first new of the failure of the rescue plan have driven the Dow Jones temporarily 700 points .
So far , Embraer 41 appliances delivered to the Chinese customers in eight years .
About 30 feet wide for 120 long , it looks more like a dusty alley than an active road .
Rats also have the sensations
Saturday night in Minnesota , the Thunder filled a deficit of 3-1 in the match and returned to win 4-3 , but the Whitecaps reached the semi-final round 5-4 on total goals .
Breaks will be made at Bressanone , and Holzkirchen , while many other busses with Italian registrations plates will again make a short stop shortly before Munich , on the motorway 8 .
The beginning of classes does not seem to be as strict as back home in Lower Saxony .
Elena , Luca and other come together , Marco takes a last speech , explains the plan of attack .
In Rome , Alemanno gave the order to make the Commission for the future of the capital leave .
In the world , the stock markets fell to his knees .
But 1001 , or a more or less .
A Committee chaired by Benedict Pelletier and Julie millstone ( Transport and natural resources ) has an important place getting the work started .
Because I have also a weakness for traditions , customs and habits .
To support the sector , one would need between 16 and 18 million per year .
But before the course begins , it was for me to appear .
A pension , based in Badacsonytomaj , did in fact that three houses , and maximum 10 people could spend the night , but the bill was one hundred and thirty customers .
This creates an immediate political problem for whoever is in power : that is to say to respond to the difficulties and the protests of individuals and families who are also an electorate .
" We have made great progress towards an agreement that will be effective in the markets , " said the representative of the Bush administration , Henry Paulson .
According to him , none of the Germans prisoners who lived in Czechoslovakia before the war believed that , following the Benesˇ decrees , they would be expelled from the Republic .
Some prosecutors have been accused of being close to the Republicans of Congress , while others have refused to investigate the allegations of fraudulent vote against the Democrats .
A UN spokesman said this has happened despite the promises of the Taliban not to attack nor inhibit the thousands of nurses during the vaccinations .
In short - But victorious of Kovalev
Next year , will we still need a visa to go to the United States ?
" I heard a woman to my local supermarket Chinese , talk on the phone of Lehman Brothers , the bank that has failed , and his thin CEO Dick Fuld , with the same familiarity she may have to criticise a colleague .
In the press conference , he cited another reference , conservative this time : the program ' Roads to the North ' by John Diefenbaker , Prime Minister between 1957 and 1963 .
If a rat or a cockroach flees from danger , does that mean that it also feels fear ?
Soccer - The Impact in the semi-finals
Blood tests carried out on Kohl are part of those made in recent weeks by the laboratories in Lausanne and Chatenay-Malabry .
According to the calculations of scientists , black matters accounts for a fifth of the mass of the universe .
" The Supreme Court has rejected the request of Sheikh Hasina saying that it does not require bail because it had been allowed to go abroad for medical reasons , " said his lawyer Rafique-ul Huq .
In Kent Police imposed the travel ban last Thursday after having proved that Glitter was guilty of sexual abuse of children .
On the other hand , there is a growing pressure of competition in the Treaty " open skies " liberalising air traffic between the United States and Europe .
In the sectors of the supply of electricity , gas , steam and water , representing a significant weight in the industrial exploitation , prices have suffered an increase of 0.3 percent in August , mainly because of the effect of rising gas prices set up by the authorities since 1 July .
In 1999 a much more sensitive means of testing HIV appeared on the market : the nucleic acid test ( TAN ) that can detect directly the presence of the virus itself and not that of antibodies against the virus in the blood donors , on which tests had based themselves so far .
I began again last week , and today I had doubts , but in the end it all went for the better . ' "
I believe that the portrait is the most difficult kind of photography .
In this new geopolitical context , the prime minister believes that occupy the territory is a duty .
The US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
In cooperation with the University of Tokyo , Nissan has built a mini car robot , a bio-inspired self-robotized system , type BR23C , which it has equipped with properties of bees , the ultimate goal being to encourage the development of a system able to avoid obstacles .
This mechanism must deal with that some signals entrants per second , and respond to them .
If we take the example of the race yesterday : We are not !
Now that the election in Parliament of the Land of Bavaria fell , a union of BayernLB with the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg could be taken first .
This psychological importance of the agreement , providing for the adoption of the plan , the most important thing at the moment , " stressed Marek .
Michael Trerise , 57ans , Stithians , in Cornwall , has been jailed for six years after he admitted eight counts of indecent for facts .
When it comes to their interests , operators can be as thick as thieves . The chicane accompanying the creation of U : Fon stands witness to the fact .
This is what we think will bring in more customers .
Indeed , the activities of these firms brings them considerable profits , and , at the same time , as opposed to a traditional virtual operators , they do not threaten them with their own official marketing scheme .
As one of the first signs of an internal review of the party , the Vice-President and the Federal Minister of Agriculture , Horst Seehofer , presented as a possible successor to Huber , has also received a place in this small group of recognition , which initiating discussions to tâtons with liberal FDP , and with the Universities Electeurs , trained along the values of the right , about a possible coalition of the government in Munich .
The company wants to bring charge against the lorry driver .
Even if he speaks , he is sleeping and is therefore .
The show begins at 8.30 p.m. at the scene Lope of Vega
In the first round , half of this amount will be spent .
In six months , the president Antonio Marzano and 49 other members of the Commission will put up the directives for Rome .
As he had already confided to the Cˇesky ´ rozhlas ( the Czech public radio ) , he has chosen singers with young and representative voices , which are marked and appreciated , for the interpretation of the solo versions .
Renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush .
But some fishermen in Brittany do not want to be represented by leaders of the National Committee of Fisheries , which has not supported their movement .
With a camera and a system of recognition of forms and faces , this " see " can know how many people in the place , which they are - including remember what they occupy positions - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations .
It is virtually impossible to find in a standard atlas .
The Impact should face the Whitecaps Friday and Sunday , but the details of the series will be confirmed today .
They say so much about he , I know , many things are not true .
In the past , Glitter was already served a sentence of four months in the UK , for detention of images of child abuse .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
But I wonder if we are ready .
The recreational port of Quiberon was also blocked , but the connections to Belle-ile weren ' t .
Hillary and Bill Clinton , Nicolas Sarkozy , George Clooney , Julia Roberts , Robert Redford and Sam Mendes welcomed the legend of cinema and the actor , Paul Newman , died at the age of 83 years .
In the first half , the aircraft manufacturer and delivered 97 aircrafts .
" We need to reach an agreement with the Palestinians , which means that it will be necessary to return almost all the territories ( occupied ) , if not all , " said Olmert on a daily basis .
The public is prepared to hear Barrick and to judge , but on the basis of civilised trade arguments , and not in the context of what many see as a prosecution-gag ( pursuing the " public debate , " Barrick Gold has also submit a formal notice to the place of the authors of Black Canada and told them to stop using the term ... ) .
The reaction of Dennis Quaid on their qualification of unfaithful husband region fell clear : It would be " monstrous " , said it the " New York Daily News ' , 54 years , that " Meg remâche again the history of our relationship and manipulated " .
That is the objective of various American research centres , and today , a team of four institutions have almost succeeded .
This is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the ' weekend of Italians ' .
The interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best " .
" Because of the debt of the country and the rise of the trade deficit , the collapse of social security , ' referring to the silence of a graveyard ' , is no longer just a matter of time " - believes Milinkevich .
Specialized mobile telephone services are offered for example by Amway , Bohemia Telecom , Starlife and others .
We must work to the maximum speed , " said President of the Ukrainian League Grigorij Surkis .
I very much like to make a trip into town and observe women to see how they are dressed , how they combine their clothes ; I often do it .
The concern of security is the reason that gives the absence of stewards in its vehicles the director of the Asiana Litvine Alexei , which ensures , compared with SA , a very small number of lines .
The phone , after all , is increasingly a computer .
In these groups , support the CSU has fallen below 40 percent .
It is quite often , especially among children and adolescents .
The 15 million euros provided by the Madrid Commune are for Garci a " unique opportunity " to replicate with the appropriate settings and clothing the atmosphere of " a Spain which was mistaken of its leader in the fight , since the fight for independence led people to rebellion under the rule of Ferdinand VII , " he said .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
Serious accusations are launched by the judges of the Directorate of the anti-Mafia Calabria , with the mayor and Vice Mayor of Gioia Tauro , Giorgio Dal Torrione and Rosario Schiavione , and the mayor of Rosarno Carlo Martelli ' s Liberal Socialists , arrested this morning for external assistance for a mafia association .
The universal nature of the mobile is not without problems .
The favourite to win the Nobel Prize for Literature has said yesterday at the Hay festival Segovia that the novel , which currently holds " is a real courage " and that " all shows that it should not write " .
This service alone should be a compelling reason to buy a musical mobile .
So , following the latest step of the European Commission in the field of the regulation of roaming charges , a paradoxical situation may happen - text-messaging from abroad will be cheaper than in their own country for some customers subscribed to Czech mobile operators .
Since its creation , on 28 September 1998 , Héma-Quebec has applied the precautionary principle .
It has been informed of the decision , on Monday morning and was then transported to home to a secret location .
After the failure of the vote
" And we did not know whether the disease could be transmitted by the blood .
Sign of the tense situation is the removal by the airlines of non-profitable routes , and the high number of airlines filing for bankruptcy during the first half of 2008 - there were 24 companies in Europe alone .
Nevertheless , she drew attention to the fact that in the new system , there will be no entry visa , but tourists must be registered before their departure .
He also stressed that the political party has " very strict ethical codes for all the officials ' .
In this , Pavel Dvorˇák , the President of the Council of the Czech Office of telecommunications ( CˇTÚ ) , who has repeatedly said that in the Czech Republic there was no room for another operator , is of the same opinion as the operators .
Forced integration , among other things , put an end to the isolation relatively idyllic of the community .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
Do not say that .
A crucial moment came in the 1980s .
Finally , cities such as Perugia , in which the kind of locations are often taken up by students from outside the European Union , there is a further anomaly : the rent asked foreign students is more by 25-30 % compared to that applied to Italians .
However , given the complexity of the mechanism by which the aid to the markets can be put into effect , a " disappointment " will follow .
A modernisation goes hand in hand with the increase opportunities , and the consequences of such a policy are also visible .
The number of stadiums for the European Championship could possibly be reduced from eight to six .
Gary Glitter forbidden to travel abroad .
The part , precisely , which made itself felt despotically at the vote which I mentioned earlier .
The directorate of the Polish football league PZPN has been suspended by the National Olympic Committee after many scandals and replaced by Robert Zawlocki , an independent administrator .
" He has tried to do too much in the first period , noted Guy Carbonneau .
" The name of our society and our tax number were placed on the wrong place on our stamp . "
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
The important it is to make life better for women in the developing world .
Similarly , the VAT rate of four bills established on behalf of the Hotel Révfülöp the order of Jobb Jövo ˝ ért was incorrect , since the benefits of society do not pay VAT of 25 % as mentioned , but a VAT to 15 % . In addition , the employees of the hotel bills are printed , while the false were drafted in hand .
Many residents were fascinated , Mr Franklin told , while many are moquaient of it .
On Monday , Huber launched a scathing remarks at the CDU . According to him , they should have received much more support from the sister party .
Vodafone heads rather its attention on the performance of the requests for its own 3G licences .
Paul Newman the magnificent
It wanted to make the promotion for a new film , spoke of his privacy in an interview , and has now into trouble with his former : The Hollywood star Meg Ryan uncovered his former adultérin Dennis Quaid .
The launch of Mobilking will instead take place in other countries in the region , " said Jana Studnicˇková , spokesman for the financial group Penta in a telephone interview for Mobil.cz
According to the calculations of scientists , black matters accounts for a fifth of the mass of the universe .
On his part , the Speaker Gianfranco Fini pointed out that " this phenomenon of the dead whites is an absolute social emergency , which insults the conscience within each of us , and requires all the institutions , to make a real effort to stop it quickly " .
We have already raised repeatedly on Mobil.cz the fact that the Czech operators are part of the most expensive in Europe .
However , according to what the manager , it would have been impossible that so many people in this place , at the same time .
They say so much about he , I know , many things are not true .
Would this make the beautiful country into a nation of racist ? This is what the New York Times asked and dedicated a long article , discussing the issue of racism in Italy , working on the case of young Abdul William Guibre , a native of Burkina Faso , killed last month in Milan , for stealing a box of biscuits .
Student Agency is the only carrier coach services to offer stewards onboard .
The Czech national anthem will celebrate , next year , its 175th anniversary .
The Hamburg SV of will on Monday its 121 years .
For the moment , nobody with a complex and serious project plan in this area has contacted us , " mentioned Vlastimil Srsˇenˇ of the press Department of Telefonika O2 , in its statement for Mobil.cz .
" But this is not an amnesty for our country .
Especially in the case of the three companies mentioned the number of customers can be in thousands .
Members of this highly criticised pair have , in any case , felt that they were not particularly in their seats .
His lawyers have said that the court refused to give its backing because of his indictment to be extracted a businessman , 50 million ( $ Taka 729.000,00 ) when she was PM .
Indeed , this operator targets men in particular .
Almost two Republicans on three rejected his plan .
" This unpleasant saga ended with the suicide of the victim .
But the interests that are at the same time growing , will subsequently be debited , each year , to the 700 financial companies that collect on the deposits .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
He knew that he was right .
I am an emotional pragmatic .
At the same time , in Europe , we had a further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
Bastian Reinhard would also be more relaxed " wanted " .
So far , Embraer has delivered 41 aircrafts to its Chinese customers in eight years .
Perhaps Mr Garver please explain how it can ask a debate " public " while disregard for the views of the public ?
But there is no one or two methods to combat fatigue daily and the problems linked to the world of work .
A minimum of functions ; and the resemblance to the command post with a cassette , commonly used in the past , or gramophone , is obvious .
However , it is clear that , to block the super power of the multiplex cinemas , the traditional must also improve the quality of its and the image , because the public today is more demand .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
Do not wake up .
Even tougher means of action were decided in Poland .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi .
Monday , the House of Representatives will be the first to vote on the bill responding on behalf of Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 , and then its fate will be in the hands of the Senate .
The past two weeks , the markets of raw materials have been buffeted by the financial turmoil on Wall Street , as well as by two powerful hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico .
And there will be a maximum of five Members of the opposition in parliament , those who are best suited to power . "
" The fiasco of the motorway to five ways , very fast , a genuine civic pride " said Ms. Nathiri .
The arrests of this morning follow those of July , following which the police announced have décapitée the clan Piromalli .
The news of Kohl testing positive on the EPO of third generation , was confirmed by the head of the French anti-doping agency , Pierre Bordry , which communicated to the Associated Press that it had notified the Austrian authorities about this .
" It works , " she observed , " it worked for us "
This is the first step towards the concept of a technology for the instant avoidance . According to estimates by Nissan , this system will make its entry in cars manufactured in series in the next ten years .
Especially in the case of the three companies mentioned it can act of thousands of customers .
At Eatonville , no great commemoration , or mark for the general public .
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
Coaches are divided into three categories : urban , where there are standing places and a maximum speed limited , inter-urban with standing places and a higher speed limit and long distances coaches without standing place with the maximum speed limit and seats equipped with seat belts .
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
In the recent past , 15 of these banks have failed .
" I feel responsible for his death . "
I am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best " .
This is very interesting , especially if we consider that in Alaska , the US continues to extract oil , and recently President Bush has set up a project for new excavations
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
It is unnecessary since it is unconscious and you réveilleriez .
Milk is growing up to five penny per litre
Long distance coaches of the Student Agency don ' t have standing place , a fact which has been confirmed in Aktuálneˇ.cz by the director of the company Radim Jancˇura .
When we will no longer be the most expensive country
He stressed that the proposal includes consumer protection , which he also supports .
But what has just been mentioned is just one example of the changes , the big changes that the earthquake ongoing economic pre-announcement or leaves already run : Not only in the US , but throughout the West , and can be not only here .
At the same time , the Belgian , Dutch and Luxembourg governments have party nationalised the European financial conglomerate , Fortis .
Hepatitis : When do we need to consult a doctor ?
Fishermen in The Turballe and Croisic , in the Loire-Atlantic , have stopped the blockade of the important refinery Total of Donges in the evening .
Researchers have asked the participants from the experience of watching a sustained two paintings , one being the Virgin Mary painted by Sassoferrato the 17ème century and the other , the Lady to the hermine painted by Leonardo da Vinci the highly publicized 15th century .
The psychology of one-upmanship : Why are we spending more money ?
The rule allows companies concerned , to take part in an insurance program , where the secretariat to the Treasury ensures the tools at the root of the concerns , for which the companies have paid a premium equivalent to the predictable damage .
That is why it is also difficult to determine what may be the awareness among other animals .
Slovenian a lorry was probably quité the hard shoulder without using clignotant and it has blocked the road to coach .
But the Conservatives have always figured strongly in this southern region which is of key importance for the Hungarian economy . In the future , they will be forced to the coalition .
He nevertheless used these companies , because at the request of Maître Zsolt Szente , co-accused and mastermind of the acts of founding the companies , he faked bills in their names , upon order of associations connected with Zuschlag , like the company Atlasz and Y-Generáció .
But , if Congress will have the impression that the programme does not fulfil its function , it has the opportunity to block the granting of the remaining amount , following two stages : Firstly additional $ 100 billion , then , finally , 350 billion dollars .
" We are about to agree on a plan that will work and must be , too , effective on the market .
The excellent results achieved by the school speak for themselves , but the policies on education within his party ( the Associations for National Education have supported bilingual education for a long time ) and his huge support for bilingual education , obscures the prediction of results by Mr Obama .
" Senator Obama does not seem to understand that ... " he accused on several occasions .
For example Tesco Mobile in Britain offers SMS that are at least two times cheaper than its competitors .
The profits of these sales were nonetheless paid to his Foundation for childhood in difficulty .
In Germany , according to a current study , flights are cheaper by almost 50 percent .
In this case , we could exclude animals .
The second weekend of the party of beer is also known as the weekend of Italy .
. Ironically , indeed , while we were convinced to be now entered the kingdom of the network , technology , not always more sophisticated equipment , convinced that the global finance is now intended to dominate the world , we went into account a shot of a single , that our future will have to settle scores more with things somewhat material such as water , harvests , oil .
For his personal consumption , he called for a bill , on the model of which imparting other bills that they would introduce , among other things , to the Ministry of Youth and Sport , the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labour , and the City of the Capital for access to subsidies .
The right-wing camp is intact , it is only at the heart of the party that voters have become more aware - as mentioned Der Spiegel , the low score of the Bavarian CSU in the country .
And above all , it has regained the confidence of the public who had been badly shaken by the contaminated blood scandal in the 1980s and 1990s .
Most people carry their mobiles with them at all times .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi .
This collection of portraits of flamenco entitled ' Flamenco - people ' , is exposed at the El Fotómata gallery , located at No. 20 Rue de la Mata ( street parallel to Peupleraie d ' Hercules ) , which will be open until 16 October .
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague regained its losses .
You needn ' t even pay too much attention to the music formats that the mobile or the MP3 player is able to read .
" At the moment , we do not believe that there is room on the Czech market for a virtual operator as such .
Other politicians CSU have interpreted the defeat as a warning to the CDU and also for Angela Merkel .
The financial crisis from the point of view of the European press
They launched a watermelons of their car ' .
In this respect , a study in the US in 2007 showed that the vehicles equipped with this device cut up to 65 % of offences during the first year of installation .
If you belong to a group of more demanding listeners , go for a specialized mobile-walkman ( Sony Ericsson , or some Nokia and Samsung ) .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .
They have promised to welcome him " in a constructive spirit " and hope that he " will come with concrete proposals " .
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators .
The many initiatives promoted in the education sector , have a particular importance for a more direct awareness on the part of young people who enter the world of work .
The actress Heather Locklear arrested for having conducted under the effect of a drug
Here , too , there are groups on the basis of price and quality .
Gebrselassie on Sunday , preceded by four Kenyans , recorded a time of 1 : 02 : 04. half way .
But in most cases , you will be limited by the absence of exit for ordinary headphones .
The disproportionate prosecution of Barrick Gold clearly shows that , contrary to what it claims , it has no desire for a transparent debate .
Eatonville and the world seemed to have forgotten her .
Some devices have a single structure resembling that of an indexed tree , following the way of Windows Explorer , while others are capable of two ( iriver , Samsung , Sony , Cowon , and smartphones with operating system ) .
On behalf of the ' European Year of Equal Opportunities " guaranteed for all , the objective of the summit for equal opportunities in Europe held every year since the summit in Berlin last year , is to ensure a single platform to support the measures taken in favour of equal opportunities and the fight against discrimination , targeted at European level and at the level of the Member States .
The first company to focus on marine energy has been Enersis , which in 2005 , signed an agreement to build a plant in the north of Portugal .
Apart from the fact that one must go very early to withdraw the chip , the queue is 15 minutes , and one must leave one ' s bag at the entrance .
Analysts at Barclays Capital said that the negotiations frenzied at the weekend , concluded with the agreement of rescue ' do not seem to have managed to revive the market . "
The value of the stock exchange of Prague is estimated between 5 to 10 billion Czech kronor by specialists in the market .
She said to me , following my visit to the bank . " I put my savings in the market for Monetary Fund .
Most patients do not know of the virus , because the gene pathogenic destroyed a sly the liver cells . In many cases , the first symptoms do not appear that after 20 to 30 years .
Among the undecided voters , who really count the most , Obama won for 39 % of respondents , while 25 % of them handed the victory to McCain , according to a CBS poll .
Issuers of zealous bills were not informed on travel agents of Budapest , part of their choice , but only organising trips abroad . Thus , naively , they have indicated stays in Hungary on bills to settle in cash , which also goes against the accounting practices of the agency .
He embodied for everyone an ideal of beauty and truth .
According to the indictment , the manager of society Collab Kft. was forced to make false invoices by one of the defendants , Ludovic Györfi .
Platini , the UEFA president : A grace period for Poland and Ukraine
No final decision has been taken on these stop , continuing the it said .
They do not believe that the regime , which has been good to foreign observers in the aim of resuming talks with the European Union , is prepared to carry out a democratic watershed .
The singer , who will receive an Oscar at the ceremony in London next week , said to be " honoured " to get this recognition .
The fourth world aircraft manufacturer , Embraer , maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries left , reaffirmed Fredrico Fleury Curado , its chairman .
Three buses are reserved for the Italian , in one of the bus travel of brésilens exclusively .
It was a nice ovation . "
Ms Boyd summed up the very saying that " Zora saved Eatonville " .
Molter reacted cautiously to the proposals of the red .
This is not the first time that the Deta-Bank , which , with its 3,000 employees , account for one of the largest employers on the financial centre of Frankfurt , comes into play when it comes to consolidation in the sector of the coffers of savings .
With some , we have managed to make progress in the negotiations , " said the spokesman of the Pavel Kaidl .
Already for 2007 , they had been cut by two thirds .
Despite this pitiful electoral defeat , heads have not yet fallen , and the debate on the personal questions of top memebers of the Bavarian CSU was postponed .
These research has tried to draw up a neural pattern of this kind of ' game ' with the aid of an experimental auction .
The greatest pressure on the CˇTÚ , at the time of U : Fon ' s creation , was exerted by T-Mobile .
When energy gives birth to waves , big ones moves .
So far , the EU has not really dealt with the crisis , which , like a tsunami , crosses the old continent from end to end .
After the fact that the bank is , according to the latest reports , even at the gates of the insolvency Sunday at the end of the evening , this rescue at least temporarily will not be able to reassure people either .
Police officers stopped two occupants of a van and the last two undertake the brain .
" We have not escort . We object from the beginning .
Jancˇura is prepared to remove these services
In this way , " Triennat Zenobia and Juan Ramón " comes to an end with a repeat of this work with Congress International held in New York , with the restoration of the Museum exhibition Prize and with the peripatetic " Juan Ramón Jiménez : This peuplier of light " which was inaugurated in May last year and who , having travelled in the various provinces Andalusian , will go to New York at the International Congress .
Monica is warm and timid .
Other believed that they would simply in Czechoslovakia .
On Wall Street , fear travels .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
The defence of the traditional film is a subject that for me , has always been important : The closure of Supercinema of Bagheria , the place of my childhood and adolescence , was the spark that has convinced me to do " New cinema Paradiso " which I thought already since 10ans .
I look forward to ensure the films " The última hora and In busca of the tumba of Cristo .
It stems from a letter filed in the collections of the Jihocˇeská veˇdecká knihovna ( The scientific Library of south Bohemia ) .
If you understand what he says ( which is not usual ) , don ' t be tempted to question him to obtain information .
For their operation to be effective , indeed they need far fewer customers that a classic operator .
I was already afraid on my way to school .
The beauty in his blue eyes was long considered his trump card , while some called it his weakness .
Sunday , on the occasion of the National Day , the Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek formally presented the new recordings of the national anthem Kde domov mu ˚ j ( Where is my homeland ? ) .
The sum , however , must not be paid at once , but gradually .
The public prosecutor believed that 10 % of the sum listed on the bills along with the VAT went into the pockets of Kubatov .
Sanctions , including a ban on visas for Belarusian 40 leaders and the freezing of some assets , could be lifted if these elections were considered own observers .
In video presentation , the see detects a third person , but it understands that it is not for the group who is speaking with her and she is not part of the company .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
With this film Garci does not expect a price .
Illhaeusern has finally found the road to victory on home territory after a long period of famine .
The OSCE , having sent 450 observers from 43 countries , does not recognise the elections .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
People say that Naomi is a person with a warm heart .
. Coppola is investigated for bankruptcy in the framework of the investigation on the escalation Unipol-Bnl .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
That is condemning the least of this act , without any insinuation of criminal intent .
And Windows 7 will contain less applications , much less than Vista .
But what a great long distance athlete .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy only a telephone .
The Quebec has many built in its relations with the North , he said : The gold rush in Abitibi , engineering québécoise , the Bay James .
" These results cannot be demonstrated by any existing economic theory .
Since there was a long queue , competitions began and we had not yet left our bags at the entry , although once there , the return was even worse .
" We will present an appeal against the order of the Supreme Court "
Pupils are one after the other from eight hours , until to nine hours least 20 , a round table begins with Professor , the ' home ' room .
Another facet raises the question of how the various business models of each of these banks can match .
" The real men choose Mobilking - an operator who they want , and that they can trust , " said David Seibert , the CEO of Mobile Entertainment Company , exploiting this virtual operator .
Iwan Wasjunik Deputy Prime Minister said that the preparations would soon be placed under the direct responsibility of the President and the Prime Minister .
Indeed , in Italy , thousands of employees of the public administration correct and productive , met to declare war on illegitimate standards contained in the decree .
And in various ways , the city that she described has become a tourist attraction thanks to its inclusion in the tourist guide to Florida published by The Depression- era Federal Writers Project- and remains a separate place .
Staging was made thanks to two outstanding contributions : that of Miguel Poveda who will again sing Isabela in one of his performances , as he had done for " La Puerta Abierta " ; and that of Professor Matilde Coral , who was exceptionally eager to work with one of his pupil .
But it does not reduce the greatness of Gebrselassie capacity as a runner .
What does it mean ?
Fortunately that I had planned to work at the end of the afternoon , because I discovered that at my local branch of JP Morgan Chase , two dozen people were already queued .
It rests on the rigour of NordLB .
Pursuing an Orwellian logic , he says that the biggest gold mining company of the world has brought a defamation suit of six million against three authors and a small penniless publishing house in order to launch a " transparent public debate " .
The accident in question , during which a stewrdess aged 22 years died , was apparently caused by a lorry driver who crossed the path of the coach .
A rat or cafard fled before the danger , is it that it means that it is also fear ?
Links between politics and ' ndrangheta , arrested mayor of Gioia Tauro .
No confirmation came from AIG .
The documents are in the hands of the BBC before being handed over to the police .
Passers-by some said they did not think that rarely to extra Place , and suggested its development .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
What matters is whether the coach is under its technical sheet equipped places standing or not .
Behemoths in the attack .
Sarkozy at the meeting of angry fishermen
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
The question is whether it is in their interest , or , possibly , the Socialists have reached an agreement that in exchange for the return of a large part of the 50 million HUF , Zusi would only the hat .
The Germans are constantly in the sights of the kidnappers .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
The testing of various materials , such as the glass , the téflon , and paper of glass , have shown that the new removed is ten times more powerful than the legs of these reptiles , and at the same time , he " stands out easily of the walls " explains Liming Dai , researcher engineering faculty of the University of Dayton .
They were about to stop a van to inspect when the driver has broken the orders , suddenly accelerated and control has begun .
For the image is complete , it must add that the existing golden parachutes are not changed . The cap is that the new contracts , this to motivate and participation in the plan .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
The Prime Minister , however , restricted himself to only explain that the North was " a jewel with huge potential " , but gaven no date , investment figures , or priorities in the future projects .
It was a privilege to be here . "
In 2007 , the Inail data confirmed that the number of dead whites were approximately 1200 .
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
The government has provided £ 14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million savers of Bradford & Bingleys .
Letters - A country dishonoured
The Director-General of Building Societies Association ( BSA ) , Adrian Coles said he is " irritated " to know that companies and their members will have to pay the bill ...
It was difficult to receive the Oscar
But it is still not enough , according to Eric Schmidt , who is one of the influential people in society .
" The police convened two minors to interrogate them in the case of the double homicide of Ózd . According to suspicions , they have helped to remove traces of the crime , " said the spokesman for the Police Station of Borsod .
" On the contrary , he said , " you must assure you that your child speaks Spanish " .
'I want to become a young mother ; the candidate I am not worried "
On average , 14 % of those who propose their blood are not accepted , because they are suffering from AIDS and malaria , for example , and if they have travelled in a country where there is malaria , they will be excluded for a period of one year .
Barack Obama and McCain support both the rescue plan of banks
More , officials have noted that the registration plate was " forgery " because it did not correspond to that in writing on the grey card of the van , this is also why they have blamed the detainee a crime of falsification of documents .
It is exclusively to the Office for the protection of economic competition ( ÚOHS ) .
" Obviously , Washington is not listening to you , " said the Republican Scott Garrett , a member of the Finance Committee of the House , to his constituents .
Given that no shelve knows burn meat and that no television will take photographs , we are almost a miracle .
Rescue operation of Wall Street - Democrats and Republicans agree
American prosecutors investigate and continuing the courts for the government .
The stock market values of Warsaw has proposed two hundred million , about five billion kronor Czech , for the purchase of 100 % of the package of actions of the stock market values of Prague .
" He is a mediocre player "
One of the resolutions adopted , proposes to rename the Central Beauharnois into Barrage Adélard-Godbout .
A change in the law , which is being drafted , for more than a year ago by a group of 30 experts on Transport Ministry , could provide clarification on the movement of stewards on board the bus .
HSV beat Gladbach 1 : 0
" The best years of my life , " he said , " took place in dark , humid and disgusting places " .
A Minsk , " have you noticed that there was an election ? "
This week , Ballmer has confirmed this idea .
Industrial prices have continued to increase
Trerise wrote in a letter to confession : " I feel responsible for his death " .
It may sound paradoxical , given that we have still three networks and a mobile penetration that far exceeds the 100 % .
According to the two bills from the Zuschlag in 2003 , this place has assured the restoration of a group of 90 people , members of the association Biztos Pont Egyesület .
Its aim is to draw attention to the chronic cirrhosis of the liver , caused by the virus , on the causes of its development and on the importance of early diagnosis of the disease .
When Google chrome appeared on the network , I was one of those who believed that Google chrome was the first step on Google ' s part to compete with Windows .
The complicity of murder can entail up to five years imprisonment .
The hepatitis virus , according to the pathogenous genes , spreads mainly in two forms : the hepatitis A and E through the digestive tract ( for example : contaminated food or water ) , the hepatitis B , C , D and other viruses by blood and organic liquids ( sperm , vaginal secretion , salive ) .
The new law also seeks to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it will establish a committee , which will ensure the supervision of the funds .
This causes a lot of anxiety .
This is one of the many accusations against her .
The crisis , indeed , is a crisis-bank financial institutions that have , of course , to close relations with abroad , but , above all , are involved in a large scale , the balance sheets of individuals and families who live in one country , in one state .
On the contrary , they are trying to do everything possible to avoid the appearance of a potential competitor .
Despite these circumstances , as photographer , I always try that my ideas reality " .
of Rome , the minister communicates that " in three months , the absence of sick public employees was reduced by 50 % , or 60 thousand more workers in a year .
A number of cabinet officers Department of Justice have also given their resignation .
US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
Professional fishermen , who do not pay taxes on diesel , now pay about 50 cents per litre but they believe that the threshold of profitability of a boat is achieved with a diesel below 0.30 euro per litre .
So many other Paul Newmans have gone down in history .
He made that statement in an interview published Monday by the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper .
UNIPOL : Court ROME , DANILO COPPOLA remains in GROTTAFERRATA .
But it is not clear when will be turbulence and hôtesse of the air can beat your head . "
The driver control the validity of the voucher registered .
The song Kde domov mu ˚ j assails our ears for the first time in 1834 on the planks of Stavovské divadlo ( the theatre of the Member ) in Fidlovacˇka ( school speech-day of savetiers ) , Czech original piece of Josef Kajetán Tyl , accompanied by music of Frantisˇek Sˇkroup .
According Lorenzo Bini Smaghi , of the executive committee of the European Central Bank , Krugman is a " highly valued economist " , but also a divulger with a style that is " very aggressive , and particularly critical of the excesses of liberalism during the Bush administration .
American the Dow Jones index collapses despite the rescue of the financial market planned by the state .
The actions of the stock exchange of Sydney lost more than five percent , but ultimately it manages to reduce losses to 4.3 percent .
In southern Egypt , five Germans have been abducted .
In 2006 , a study concluded that 66 % employees of Microsoft used Google to seek information on the Internet .
It remained as one of the seven national symbols even after the creation of the independent Czech Republic .
BSkyB loses the legal battle to ITV
The phone , after all , is increasingly becoming a computer .
The phrase " You do not think " is inscribed in capital letters on the registration plate .
Glitter , 64 years old , informed the authorities that he wanted to go abroad , leaving him to be recorded in the list of accused for sexual abuse .
The proposal was made while Eatonville was just coming out of a difficult time in its history .
In this case , it is still of someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
The appointment of a special accusing able to force of witnesses to table , was one of its most important recommendations .
The first of these phenomena is the updating , the extraordinary revival of the double category Etat- sovereign , compared to a kind of renationalisation of the economy .
More than a third of students , been many newcomers , is studying English .
His fans saw him again in 1994 in The Hudsucker Proxy of the Coen brothers .
Has Minsk , " you have noticed that there was an election , you ? "
But it also produces Sweat-shirt , Boxer Rebellion old fashioned , cardigans in cashmere , trousers in cotton , the babies , the mini-shorts ...
On what is based your new collection created for Mango for the fourth season ?
In six months , the operator has managed to win more than 100 000 customers and become the fifth operator of the country .
Issuers of bills to the outrageous have also fallen in excess , when they mentioned the company Pigal Kft , belonging to the hotel and catering sector . In their accounts , or the name of Jobb Jövo ˝ ért , or that of the Hoppá indication , according to the information to the public prosecutor ' s office .
Therefore ordered interceptions against Dal Torrione , the entry write , is émergée ' willingness to marry the requirements of a businessman , representing a group known , close to the Piromalli , unifying the choice of the public administration to the interests of the clan .
Thus , the probes can save a lot of fuel .
With the table of the extraordinary family Chagals as neighbour , the presidential table prepared by Mango , seemed even more spectacular .
The film maker has tried to put in the many characters and illustrate the social analysis " he has always admired in the work of the famous novelist , he explained today during the presentation of the film , with Quim Gutiérrez and Paula Echevarría at the head of the long list of players .
" I am not yet ready , warned the Russian .
The new anti loafers was presented today by the Minister of the public administration , Renato Brunetta , and by the Secretary-General of the Council Presidency , Mauro Masi .
" Now is the time to act responsibly ( ... ) a danger threatens your job , your savings , the entire industry and the stability of the whole economy , " he said before a crowd of 35,000 people .
It apparently emanates a force of attraction whose effect is tangible on other celestial bodies .
I do not believe that they have understood the contribution or the legacy that it ' s in the world " said Valérie Boyd , author of " Wrapped in Rainbows " , a biography of Hurston published in 2003 .
And already buses drive into the night on the ' Autostrada Brennero direction .
However , the question for Obama is whether his desire to achieve a bilingual education that defends the instruction in class of languages other than English , goes beyond its interest to eliminate the differences .
You will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , it is not aware to hold his thinking .
Add that behind the Mobilking , there is the financial group penta , which has , among other things , the U : Fon in Czech Association Council .
If this equipment for standing places is not approved , passengers must remain seated .
The jets the coach Eric Mangini , who was asked to describe this madness , said " the second time or the third ? "
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
The arguments used by they were virtually the same - a market too small and too much saturated , problems with the quality of services , etc .
Khaleda Zia , the rival of Sheikh Hasina since a very long time , has been set free on bail earlier this month .
" In these cases , I am very federalist , and this will be the Andalusian organisation which will have to assume its responsibilities , " said Llamazares as regards the behaviour of the political party that it will adopt in the City Council in Seville .
But there is still a possibility - a virtual operator .
Catholics have said that in view of the Virgin Mary , they felt like " safe " , as someone who are " takes care ' and they are " be quiet , and peace has invaded " .
The Czech market is very specific in comparison with others .
The Cardinals have taken control of the possession for the last 10 seconds , and then the jets have recovered the ball , Jay Feely made a goal from 20 yards taking advantage of a 34-0 .
Repeat offenders of drink-driving will install the system ' s alcolock
But that does not reduce the greatness of Gebrselassie ' s capacity as a long distance runner .
This is one of the many accusations against her .
A strange mockery of fate has been that it was using the list of Electeurs Universities , entered Gabriele Pauli into legislation , to measure against Stroiber was the possibility of a coup by the duo Huber-Beckstein , and then treat bluntly the very ambitious local politician .
Graves Muslim desecrated when Austria fluctuates to the right .
. Before the increase in February , the wholesale price of milk of Jersey had been changed for the last time , in 2002 .
Suburban buses are equipped with card readers integrated into the driver ' s till box .
" I am not ready , warned the Russian .
This is not always easy or possible in the jungle of media today .
Brussels has asked the Scientific independent , to examine the problem , given the intensive use of mobile music devices and the increase in the number of young people exposed to noise that they generate .
Police control of a van in the province of taken : Two thousand kilos of hashish found
Zora has described the reality " said it Dinkins , 90 years ago a young girls of Johnson that Hurston was immortalised , citing the songs without colour , interpreted by men who have recognised their beauty . "
As soon as the somniloquies are trying to stay calm .
Still him .
After a divorce with Joanne Woodward to whom he had been married 50 years , during which he always remained faithful even if the opportunities not to be were frequent .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the Channel , the British government seemed to nationalize another bank rocked by the financial crisis .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy only a telephone .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Men were to be held until the kidnappers have found a sure way to flee .
Jancˇura denies that the two seats reserved for stewards had been sold .
The index of Hang Seng China Enterprises , following the movement of Chinese shares of the Hong Kong stock exchange , lost 3.8 percent , the markets being closed in Shanghai .
Graves Muslim desecrated while Austria fluctuates to the right .
The second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of Italy .
The chope , squealing Marco at 8.25 euros .
Microsoft is right , its operational system is losing importance but also its software .
The Prize for the economy to Paul Krugman .
Civil rights , moreover , have helped to create space for many other Zora Neale Hurston- black writers , actors and artists who went beyond prejudice , as she did , an army of cheerful confidence and guidelines such as : " How can they deprive themselves of the pleasure of my company ! "
Energy is sent to the shore through the under-water cables .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
He knew that he was right .
No member of the opposition has seen the Belarusian parliament after the elections on Sunday .
" We will take the necessary steps to be prepared for the application of the law , as soon as it is signed , " he said .
There is certainly no better place in the world to present a fashion prize than in Paris and there is certainly no living artist more extraordinary and bon-vivant than Valentino .
With a victory in 2 : 03 : 59 of a race accommodating on the plate , Gebrselassie has beaten of 27 seconds his record of 2 : 04 : 26 , contested last year in Berlin .
After the negotiations marathons who have gone on for days on end , the representatives in Congress and the Administration have finally announced Sunday at the beginning , they have concluded agreements in principle on the rescue plan banks .
The British companies the building may have to pay a bill of more than £ 80 million to cover the rescue of the bank Bradford & Bingley .
Those who live a life online , consists of what it shows itself , and that is how we can define the principle behind the behaviour of young people today .
Even after the accident , the director does not consider their job as a risky job .
One of the resolutions adopted proposes to rename the Central Beauharnois in dam Adélard-Godbout .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
According to the schedule , there were José Luis Moreno , Curro Díaz to Juan Bautista , who were to face off in the arena of Castilblanco
Sylvana already know that word with Mangas - in his new Log exchanges , it speaks of Japan .
Still on this front , it is possible to create PDF documents " hybrid " between the graph typical of the format Adobe the elements of a calculation map or a producer of text .
As I had not yet the uniform of school , I have put an old skirt of my mother , as well as a host of rising socks shirt , blue and black leather shoes .
It denies , en bloc , the right to the quotation credible sources and the debate on the facts and interpretations , who represent the basis of the intellectual work .
The Ministry has inspired similar campaigns in the Anglo-Saxon countries , where we can see commonly images with drastic images of the victims of accidents .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , said in commenting on the results of the compromise that the programme will work and will be effective , however other measures must be implemented . According to Pelosi , there is no question here of the rescue of Wall Street , but the wheels of the economy in the other direction .
The government has provided £ 14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million savers of Bradford & Bingleys .
On trade terms , the stock exchange of Prague fell
In a letter from 1955 to The Orlando Sentinel , Hurston questions the request of the Supreme Court to a forced integration , defining its decision in Brown v. Board of Education as " insulting rather than glorifying to my race ' .
Not in the same way , because they had already withdrawn their saving from smaller banks , such as those of New Jersey , Pennsylvania , and Staten Island .
In their experiment , three groups bid against a partner , in different circumstances .
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history .
The project of the motorway happened just when the girl the most famous of Eatonville had recovered its appeal .
I came to present the new collection that sister Penélope and I even have created to Mango for the new season autumn-winter , but also to attend the presentation of the second edition of Mango Awards ' and ' Fashion to the dinner Opera in honour of Valentino .
" Everything was not very nice to see today , " confessed later Marcel Jansen .
If we cannot be part of The Germany or Austria , at least we want to live under the management of the United States of America .
Microsoft will surely to launch at the same time Windows 7 and Windows Mobile 7 .
The man even used the company Szi-Beri Bt. to create fictitious bills that have been used in the context of the application for grants by Biztos Bridge .
Anti-cancer treatments being more aggressive , patients are often in need of recharge in red or white blood cells .
Already depressed at the beginning of the sitting , Wall Street has wedged itself after the rejection unexpected by the House of Representatives of the rescue plan of banks that was supposed to be a bit of stability in the markets .
The market for student accomodation does not know of crisis
In the first half of 2008 , the night flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .
According to the candidate for the opposition in the presidential elections of 2006 , it is desirable that it remains so , despite the fact that " the power has been afraid to bring even one opponent into this Parliament which has no weight " .
More than half a century of a seventh American art has ever-changing through him .
The new has been watered down by the recent concerns that the crisis would be durative .
This incredible success was achieved through another ingredient than the one that was put forward by Mr Obama .
The board of AIG met Sunday evening to examine possible cessions , according to FT .
Favre has found Coles for yet another two touchdowns , the first when a corner back fell and the second , to 10 seconds of half-time .
The loan of £ 14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of Bradford & Bingleys are released .
Because if our economy , which is heavily indebted towards Russia , enters into crisis , and that we do not reform , we are in danger of becoming a protectorate of Russia .
The future is perhaps promising .
Building societies against the B & B bill .
" At these contact points , a trained member of staff will be at the service of passengers , and will help those who are interested with the online purchase , as well as registering their coupon with their card , " said the spokesman of the project Martin Opatrny ´ .
Of course , Fodor was not the case .
" This black might be responsible for this anomaly , who is also in the vicinity of the Earth , " he writes .
As director , Newman revealed little known aspects of his real and modest sensitivity .
The titles of his dances are reminiscent of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco .
In June , Merl said that the decisive question , namely through what business model the viability of the future of Länder banks was to be guaranteed , had not previously been determined by the German grouping of savings and transfers .
The House of Representatives of the United States intends to vote on the rescue plan , the vote in the Senate should follow on 1 October .
The impact will be measured in Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
More than half a century of a seventh American art in flux flowed through him .
Unlike the opposition politician , the Russian observers have described the democratic elections .
For me , it was clear that I had to travel there some day .
It is virtually impossible to find on a standard atlas .
The Austrian Socialists of SPÖ want to discuss with the Conservatives of the ÖVP .
Not to mention the realities which provide a service training , consultation and assistance , ideal for small and medium-sized enterprises , which could also be open to the prospects of business .
It would be moreover " regrettable " , that " the trouble and the confusion following a divorce for every child were to be rekindled in public " for their son Jack who is now 16 years old . "
In this part of the programme of supervision of Education , Bruce Fuller and Lance T. Izumi discuss the position of the candidates on bilingual education .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
The unit of Alex Kovalev , Tomas Plekanec and Andrei Kostitsyn enlivened the attack in a gain of 3-2 of the Canadian over Florida Panthers in a barrage of shots , yesterday evening , at the Bell Centre .
Then , in a puddle of blood , the phrase ' You " paieras .
" From the beginning , I was trying to take care that the two singers , and the choir , have a good walking , so that it is well understood the words , they sing simultaneous way , " he said .
Avenue at most of what could be developed further , including hydro-electricity , the forest , but above all the mining sector , has boosted by growth in emerging countries and the reconstruction of the public infrastructure .
And if advertising itself as free can be a way of broadcast in homes , it is precisely in business , that Open Office hopes to make an impression , which it can already count on for various projects in the public administration and schools .
Apart from the positions of yoga , the classic massage or spa treatments , Susannah Marriott gathers in the pages of a book a whole menu of methods suited to the taste and the time of each .
Yet , even before the entry of the parties such as Tesco Mobile or Virgin Mobile on the market , similar to those that we mean we wouldn ' t be heard in Britain .
Readers , however , have the advantage of having an order easy .
One can only save if one lives in the peripheral areas : 300 euro for a bed , and 450 for a simple room in Predestina , Centocelle or similar areas .
Net fall of oil following new concerns for the world of the economy
It stresses that the figures of participation seem too high , and the generalisation of the vote in advance ( 26 % of voters in Minsk ) opened the possibilty for all manipulations .
Firstly : wear the small yellow hat .
The winner will be rewarded by a price of 300,000 euros .
Has side of libraries , it will also be possible to register the electronic voucher on the Opencard in vending machines installed in the vestibule of several underground stations .
" In 1998 , when Héma-Quebec began its activities , only 38 % of people still had confidence in the system of blood in Quebec , recalls the Dre Décary .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risks " .
In short - victorious goal for Kovalev
One of the fathers of cinema and the homeland died during a particularly obscure , where terrorists and the stock markets are afraid , the feel of the American is low , desperately searching for reasons of dignity .
We based ourselves on a key recommendation of the reports by Krever and Gélineau , which stated that when we don ' t know it and a serious disease can follow , – Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease which is characterised by a brain degeneration leading inevitably to death , – we introduced measures of exclusion .
About the holiday , the logic is complicated : X days after the first year , x days after the third , up to 15 days in all , past a number of years .
And this time the old neighbours of Hurston see it as a sauveuse .
Analysis Paris history of the sitting Morning Meeting historic Morning Meeting
In October the decision will be taken on the fate of the toppled duo Huber-Beckstein
The elections were held ; now everything revolves around the coalition ; during the debates on public television , the party leaders have hidden their cards .
" This place was magnificent " said Danny makes , the manager of the Ramones , who took the photo in November 1976 .
As long as the less affected issuing bodies , governments and commercial banks are still prepared to support the system , we can assume a reduction of arrears on time .
That is the timetable set by the Capitol for the work of the Commission for the future of Rome " which took place this morning at the new headquarters , behind the Thermes of Caracalla .
It is always to read the papers illustratifs medicines that we take , and , if something is not clear , not to be impressed , but speak clearly the doctor or pharmacist " stressed the expert at the agency Ansa .
The newspaper ' El Masri El Jom " said that , in the words of a German mediator , the release of the hostages was delayed because the kidnappers feared for their safety .
" We believe that the raw materials will not escape this infection .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices have ranged between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
The Italian version is downloadable at http : / / it.openoffice.org / download / 3.0.0 / download300.htmlet and is added to the English version that has already been available on the mirror since Friday .
When at the end of the war , he was captured by the British and placed in the court to capture of the region Holstein , dozens of Germans were the Czech consult to their learns Czech .
Witness also the slogan ' bloody " throughout the campaign .
The $ 700 billion plan to buy up with taxpayers ' money the bad debts , puts to active risks the unsaleables of the US financial institutions .
They were simply informed the control of the real value of the product in question , and they have made their way .
" It must be in line with reality .
As in the plane , said an expert
According to Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , the American legislators should quickly resume negotiations and adopt the proposed supports for the financial system .
Vargas Llosa confess that the novel that he says is " real courage "
This can also tell , in a way , the life of this woman who has exhibée in places so far , especially for the time , as in India , the United States , or Russia , but also throughout Europe , since it was usually in London .
David Nailey , a professor at the University of Western Ontario in London , recalls the risks of fruit juices that they are , or , if sounding costs associated with the ingestion of certain drugs ; during the 236ème national meeting of the American Chemical Society underway in Philadelphia , it is launching a new warning : A glass of orange juice , fungus and apples , to reduce the absorbement of some vital medicines , cancelling their benefits and putting at risk the health of patients .
Shareholders and creditors of the bank did more than hoped .
It was the best that could mark the jets at a time .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .
This whole process must reflect what the bee done to avoid the other bees .
Virtual operators have the advantage of being able to focus on a much more specific target group .
They have not been according to the opposition .
A number of cabinet officers of the Department of Justice have also handed in their resignations .
Researchers of space know about the only black for about ten years .
" To avoid the coalition of red and black , we are ready to take responsibility of the government , " said Haider .
To operate in such a limited period of time , we should already have an agreement now . "
Special prosecutor , Nora Dannehy now will inquire to know whether the officers lied to their interrogators , hence obstructing justice , during their investigation .
During the hearing , one of the accused will relate the methods for manufacturing invoices , as he has already done before the public prosecutor earlier .
This service alone should be a compelling enough reason to buy a mobile with music playing capabilites .
It is beyond me . "
In February we had informed of the launch , Poland , the virtual operator Mobilking .
The actress Heather Locklear arrested for driving under the effect of a drug
The Bush plan was far from perfect , but according to the vote in Congress , a real danger is the possibility that Washington is not proposing a political tool to deal with the crisis .
Tourists kidnapped in Egypt are set free
As well , which is sovereign , has certainly more of cards that is not , i.e. , whoever has the misfortune to live in a place without harvest , without oil and without water .
Such as Tesco Mobile proposes , in Britain , SMS at least two times cheaper than its competitors .
Asian stock exchanges lived on Tuesday a dramatic fall , even if the evidence did during the day , to erase some of the losses .
He was ill since 2007 .
The high court of Truro has stated that he regularly bound his step-daughter , Stéphanie Randle , during her childhood , when she was between 5 and 7 years old .
" Among all the major roles he has interpreted , it has never been so proud that the husband dedicated , loving father , grandfather attentionné and philanthropist , " he said .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy only a telephone .
" During the 90-minute debate , John McCain had a lot to say about me , but nothing on you , denounced Obama , yesterday , to 20 000 people gathered for an election rally in North Carolina in pouring rain .
Unlike any existing system , the avoidance maneuver works in an entirely instinctive manner .
It could be start the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
Suddenly , everything is linked .
" The phenomenon has now reached the very serious to exclude whole categories of young people , the right to the study because of the overall costs very high that the families of origin must soutenir- explains the responsible for the office of studies of Sunia , Laura Mariani- in these cities , the strong demand from the students has distorted the market that a process of widespread increase has amorcémême for residents .
Trerise and his wife have divorced in the 1980s , and it retourna live in Cornwall .
In August 2008 , compared to the same month last year , we have seen the biggest increase in production sectors of energy and raw aimed at a subsequent transformation ( 16.8 percent ) .
It was the highest Jets score in one game .
Trerise and his wife divorced in the 1980s , and he returned to live in Cornwall .
How excited I was .
It soon became popular and people spontaneously adopted it .
Now the company has other things on which to focus , for example , the next version of its operating system , Windows .
There is no single , which determines its appearance
The BR23C uses lithium batteries polymère which are more light and whose focused of energy is bigger , which makes their long-life version that in the lithium-ion .
They thus want to calm investors before the start of trade on the Asian financial markets , which are located in the first time zone , where the decision of Congress could affect trade on Monday .
In 1945 , some groups of Sudeten Germans were addressed allegedly the President of the United States with such a desire .
Has in suburban trains and buses 300-499 , essentially use the inhabitants of Commons of Bohemia central to gain access to the capital .
The British newspaper Telegraph published an article that researchers at the University of Oxford have done an interesting experience in analysing where the belief in God could influence tolerance to the pain of human beings .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
A person in the confidence of the situation said to Reuters on Monday that the aid commitments are issued up to EUR 35 billion .
In the English press , the government would take on board the whole loans of the bank Bradford and Bringley , with more than 41 billion euros ( 75,5 billion USD ) of mortgages .
The cinema , you expect the individual films that you have turned last year .
The insurer American International Group , that the US monetary authorities have fixed , plans to give more than 15 % of its assets to repay the $ 85 billion that they have borrowed , according to the Financial Times on Sundays .
" I feel responsible for his death . "
They wear road signs of mosques crossed out in red .
The dispute began by the radiation of nine American prosecutors made by the US Department of Justice in December 2006 .
It was great , almost better than to go to the amusement park .
Some expected that the US and Britain were going to get to the Sudeten a certain type of autonomy .
Among students of CM1 , 100 % have passed the state examination for maths , expert level , in 2008 .
America changes .
Promise of Brunetta , which suggests in smiling , " a good cappuccino to 7h in the morning is an excellent and healthy resolution " .
The disease can be cured , if it is detected in time . The virus can be eradicated of the body , the way the risk of infection disappears and the development of cancer has warned .
What Barrick Gold does not understand - or does not want to understand - is that the public which supports the authors and publishers of Black Canada is primarily doing it because it rejects the brutal manner of the mining company .
Sylvana and the secrets of the Pandora to Bento
In April 1999 , we refused to give people blood of persons who had been more than a month in the UK since 1980 .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
Soon , on 8 October , will start the hearings relating to the ongoing criminal proceedings against János Zuschlag and his accomplices .
Tuesday morning , they have created blockades in Morbihan and Calvados , causing traffic jams of nearly 10 km .
The Euro-American research probe Casini-Huygens used this physical device , just as the solar probe Ulysses .
Is should be no problem for MP3 players , who are able , following a recharging , a continuing operation of at least 9 p.m. , including the least productive .
MP3 players are easier to use , while mobiles need more expert knowledge .
It courut making use of a clever strategy , leaving the group of runners in Ethiopia and Kenya take a clear advantage , then going around 18miles 1 ⁄ 2 after .
The presentation of the first illustrated edition the " Journal of a poet recently married " in the church of Saint Stephen ' at New York , where Juan Ramón Jiménez married Zenobia in March 1916 , is part of the activities by the Ministry of Culture of Andalusia to celebrate the " Triennat Zenobia and Juan Ramón " ( 2006-2008 ) , organised to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the conferring of the Nobel Prize for Literature and their deaths .
In the South , it will be from now on a junior partner , although it has so far resisted the crisis better than the banks of Munich and Stuttgart .
Speak in sleeping
It should be added that the ÚOHS has relatively enough powers to disclose such activity , and if it does not want to settle with the explanations of the operators , who say they had no idea that this would happen , their contractual conditions forbid it .
Yesterday Sandrina Fasoli , the Belgian winner of the first edition , watched her models in the window of Mango at 54 Boulevard Haussmann in Paris and she almost began crying with emotion .
The author , Brendan Gill , wrote : " Extra Place is a small cul-de-sac , dark day and night , and outlined by the doors of a warehouse in persion rusted iron , full of newspapers from last week that fly along the gutters . "
Medicines : never with fruit juices .
It he : " Some people have not enjoyed " .
Young people know him mainly through the cult film Slap Shot by George Roy Hill ( 1977 ) , and in Reggie Dunlop , as the coach of an unorthodox Hockey team .
Building societies in the bill B & B .
But it says it has not been able to contact the children living in the dangerous areas of Helmand and Kandahar , located in the south .
In this case , it is still of someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
The option of doing nothing is simply not acceptable , " he said .
In the online edition of the information journal of the German left , Franz Walter analyses the causes of the dramatic defeat of the CSU in his article entitled " The revolution in Bavaria devours its founding fathers " .
The board of AIG met Sunday in the evening to examine possible , according to stop it said .
And that ' s it , it ' s go to the festival of beer .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
The leaders of the US Congress and the government of President George W. Bush agreed on a form of the agreement of financial assistance to the US financial system .
The circumstances around a shooting before the release of the hostages are still unclear : Well , the kidnappers were close to put an end to the kidnapping , in the words of an Egyptian security official , before the Sudanese army killed six of the kidnappers without shout station .
Others have proclaimed extra Place as a real rarety - a virtually identical fragment to the city that should be treated in peace .
Sometimes that a girl offers a boy a Bento she has prepared itself , and who is prepared very carefully , in the hope of being able to do a little better knowledge of the boy during the break .
Today , however , the U : Fon is ready to serve as an argument for not accept a virtual operator .
The authorities Thaï the bloquèrent the passport control , and in the end , it out Hong Kong .
However , they have not said anything openly about the veracity of the information so as to feel less worried about the credibility .
The dumping total in English focusing on the use almost constant of English in the investigation .
The sky , it is with pride at the meeting of his daughters with its fans on earth , something that is not as usual in America .
" The hesitation about action to rescue the US affect the financial markets around the world , " observed Joseph Yam , the head of the Hong Kong Monetary Institute .
" The Syrians know very well what they will have to give up to get the Golan Heights .
This analysis is the first of a series of experience , which the academics , the scientists , philosophers and theologians part from various sectors of the university .
However , I do not think so .
But also remind them to wear seat-belts before starting a journey .
After the excellent results , there is the question of what would be the impact on the regulation of pain in the subjects if the believers were shown a Madona painted by Leonard or by a painter of equal calibre ?
Moreover , the manual offers other methods such as contact with nature or 100 % natural recipes which help to relax .
What matters most is consumer awareness and making this information open to the public domain .
Isabelle Bayón is in the skin of the dancer sévillane Tórtola Valencia
The Hypo Real Estate should now pay interest on the fraction to what it would have law .
" You do not embrasses tone white teacher because it is blanc- I want to say that there is now a line of demarcation cultural " said Ms Nathiri .
The hostage takers Germany had demanded a ransom of a total of six million ; the money should be called by the German woman one of the hostages .
Sony Ericsson , whose mobile of the series walkman have the same menu that the user MP3 players sold separately , is the one who went as far in this area .
The events , and the desire to thank the designer Valentino , chairman of the jury of the competition , conspired to make it so that we were in a luxurious dinner at the opera Garnier of Paris .
Five years later , an acclaimed biography on Hurston published by Robert E. Hemenway , a true bestseller , re-introduced her to the American cannons .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
The question according to which he would envision a coalition with Wilhelm Molter , the current president of the ÖVP , as Vice-Chancellor , is open from Faymann .
Most affected are investment funds of the old dependant society Württemberg Hypo and those of course that have a life beyond 2009 .
Currently , we figure to 200 million patients with chronic hepatitis C-type in the world .
The strategy of sugar and hard against drivers
I am a pragmatic émotionel .
The government should negotiate new advance in the case of mortgages that it will buy , while reducing payments of debtors and allowing them to keep their homes .
Dramatic reductions of Hypo Real Estate and Commerzbank led the German index ( Dax ) to a profound deficit .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .
The talks , however , have only begun , according to sources in the financial centre .
Ms Boyd summed up everything by saying that " Zora saved Eatonville " .
" Sometimes God creates perfect people .
If it is true that the judges are independent and impartial , this is not the truth they will deem , especially in the case of prosecution in libel , but the law .
Addition to Windows and Mac os , the result is as usual available in addition to the system opératif Linux .
In the case of mobile cheap , do they will play music for a few hours .
" You have noticed that there was an election , you ? Question the Social Democrat leader Alexander Kazulin , one of the last two political prisoners released in August this year .
Residents proclaim now that the elimination of racial segregation in schools , although in some positive aspects , has weakened the cohesion of Eatonville and weakened the confidence of the young .
The US general counsel has appointed a special accuser to check the question of the dismissal of nine American prosecutors in 2006 .
It could participate in the Beijing games because of a hypothetical poorly on the back , but he promised to win in Berlin , improving its third marathon , his personal record of nearly five minutes .
" I do not believe that Senator Obama has the experience and knowledge needed to be president , " he also assured .
They desperately need this , and I show you an example .
Closer to our times ( 1990 ) , to his sensitive depiction of Mr Bridge , troubled in his old age by a marriage that did not fulfil all its promises .
" Anyone who wants safety in Jerusalem , and especially does not want that tractors and bulldozers crush their feet , as happened to one of my best friends , must renounce parts of Jerusalem , " noted Olmert referring to the two attacks in the city , in July , where several people were killed and dozens were injured .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
Least ten five hours of the morning .
Space physicists have known of the existence of dark matter only for ten years .
Olmert would return almost all the occupied territories in exchange for peace
This represents a discovery since Microsoft , after version version , has not been added to the functions and " perks , " to Windows .
It must react instinctive instant and , since this technology is the most vulnerable and most of the envelope , a layer of protection for the moment when the collision is considered inevitable .
The interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention .
According to economists , the announcement of the fact that the rescue plan will be adopted should be a first major psychological factor to revive the financial markets .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .
A young , in general , can take a profile on several pages , of Facebook to Xanga , and it can connect them to other benefits , such as to Twinter , or last.fm , listant its musical habits , and then it can connect them to a system of further , as FriendFeed or Blip.fm. these young people can also take blogs , in which are automatically their most recent photo galleries that they store on Flickr or Picasa .
The street , however , has fans .
In the whole of the processing industry , prices have risen by 10.2 percent during the past year .
For five years , they have been going to the beer festival , and have already made three trips this year .
Carmen Tórtola Valencia , daughter of a Catalan father ( Florenç Tórtola Ferrer ) and Andalusian mother ( Georgina Valencia Valenzuela ) , was born in the neighborhood of Triana and at the age of three years went to live in London with her family .
. No signs indicate the street .
And even if we could prove that for Man : How could anyone the show in rats ?
Free speech - the Orwellian discourse of Barrick Gold
In his article entitled " Who ? With whom ? The party chairman is reserved with regards to the issues of the coalition , " the Austrian conservative newspaper says about the situation of confused internal policy which has followed the Austrian elections .
As soon as we turn to other species and that we address the issues of feeling or in general of consciousness , we are moving into difficult terrain because the hardware is not correspondant .
Henry Paulson said that the law provides the necessary tools to spend $ 700 billion for the urgent needs of the financial system , the vast takeover of dubious claims , their insurance , or to avoid the risk of the system triggers the collapse of one or the other important financial institution .
After many years , the county has rejected the proposal of the motorway .
However the board of the Deka , which each half is borne and by the banks of the Länder and by groups of coffers of savings , instructed the steering committee to drive talks with WestLB for common commercial activities .
Darrelle Revis , corner back , has intercepted a fire lost 32 yards and the touchdown .
It ing understand that the return possible East Jerusalem .
Trerise wrote in a confession letter : " I feel responsible for her death " .
Society , with its present value of 156 billion dollars , is more that IBM ( 140 billion dollars ) , Intel ( 124 billion dollars ) or Coca-Cola ( 110 billion dollars ) . The AdWords / AdSense advertising areas threaten the turnover of advertising agencies , while the benefits introduced at a speed increasingly important cause severe headaches not only to Microsoft , but to many other creators of computer programs .
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz .
" Why Japan in particular ? " my friends asked me when I told them that I wanted to spend a year at school in Tokyo .
In his speech before the full assembly , as one of the main spokesmen of the consultation of experts , Lívia Járóka , eurodeputy of Fidesz European People ' s Party , has drawn attention to the segregation in education , because it is a violation of the law affecting the children of Rome , and one of the main obstacles to their success in life .
The system is not yet available on the Spanish market , although some industrial vehicles and office have already installed a few on an experimental basis .
" Paul Gadd was not present when " .
Currently the sisters Cruz are taking their new activity in the trend very seriously .
After much effort to improve the safety of blood products and work on the ground during the years that followed , we have returned public confidence , " he said proudly that at the beginning of 2008 , nearly 94 % of the population of Quebec had now confidence in Héma-Quebec .
Two extremes , between which there is enough room for everyone .
Meat Loaf - or Lee Marvin Aday , which is his real name - has suffered from health problems in recent years , even undergoing surgery to cure an irregular heartbeat problem , after having collapsed on stage , in 2003 .
Trerise wrote in a confession letter : " I feel responsible for her death " .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Open Office , this is the third edition of the package " anti-Microsoft "
The following category of issuers of bills is that of companies directly related to the accused .
The bank of the Land of Rhineland Palatinate was attached in its place to the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg in Stuttgart .
On the one hand the artist .
It is enough to visit , since the mobile phone , web pages of the operator ( or those of another supplier corresponding ) and buy the song or the album in question .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
It was a blow for everyone .
Financial markets such as Frankfurt or London would be even more affected by the decline in the price of hotels that industrial sites as Hanover , Cologne or Stavanger .
" This shows how much the market depended on the plan " , she added , fearing that a draft adopted in several days may be " too late " .
The ADQ has urged the support of the adoption of the North Plan by the government .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Four times candidate for the Oscar ( he has won a ) , Garci believe that the three films candidates representing Spain this year at the Academy of Hollywood , " Sangre de Mayo , " " Sept French " ping pong tables and ultimately the winner , " The tournesols blind , " are not representative of the young Spanish film , " which should be better known , " he said .
In the surprising draft presented at the CEATEC , taking place in Japan , bumblebees have given the strategic idea to engineers from Nissan , for the inspiration on how they could devise the next generation of detectors of obstacles .
In January 2006 , the Association Y-Generáció and Szövetség has Modern Magyarországért have applied for a grant from the body of public utility of the Socialist Party , Táncsics Mihály Alapítvány ( MRI ) .
However , critical observers find , in addition to all this , contradictions that are cause for concern : for example , the top management of the society has refused , in its entirety , the protests of employees , after it doubled the price of the enterprise and after that the company has found it too expensive to feed its employees multiple times a day . It pales next to the fact that already in 2006 , Google agreed to the Chinese government and according to the terms of the agreement , the company detects all the results that injure good taste , and the interests of the Chinese regime .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
A few hundred Belarussians met Sunday evening at the polling stations closed on the central place in Minsk to protest against the fraudulent nature of the legislation .
The choice depends entirely on the mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
The midfielder Antonio Ribeiro scored the winning goal in the 90th minute of play .
What we can do is take into account a number of very simple precautions such as :
Obama has said that he is the future .
The reason for this striptease of thought is the relations of the press towards Ryan ' s new film " The Women " - which tells the story of an adulterer .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
Despite this , there is still something - a virtual operator , which would force the traditional operators to lower prices .
Traffic control of the police in Euskadi ( the Ertzaintza ) on the border of the policy of Armiñón ( taken ) .
Of course it is the second largest shop of the brand in Europe that has been opened with a surface area of 1.335 square metres .
10 years ago , in 1998 , the CSU is ramassait with 47.7 percent , for the first time since the 1950s , with a score below the level of 50 percent .
According to the spokesman for lElysée David Martinon , the President " will discuss solutions that could possibly help their businesses to regain competitiveness and to secure jobs and pay for sailors with them ' .
The spots will " haunt " the spectators until 2010 .
In Iraq , 500 soldiers have been killed , and the Americans have not been forced to make the suitcases .
At the foot of the stairs , Ambassador Spanish and other authorities were present .
" When you ask the taxpayers to take extraordinary measures as a result of the irresponsibility of some , it is not enough to congratulate itself .
The new Czech anthem four new versions .
" It is a question that we have dealt with the Ministry and , at the beginning , it prohibits any movement of passengers .
" If there is what you suggest , it could be a violation of contractual conditions that we would examine and could reach a judgment of cooperation with the company in question , " responded to our question on this issue Martina Kemrová .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
It is companies publishing their own list price of mobile telephone services , but these are only public in part .
It is clear that the interim result of the picture longer reflects the unpredictability of the first League that the domination of his HSV .
As he has already said , a collaboration will surely be unsuccessful if Faymann is trying to interfere in the internal affairs of the ÖVP .
The company account complaint against the driver of the lorry .
It is the fault of the climate .
In one month , our national currency has weakened by 1.7 per cent against the euro , and 7.1 percent against the dollar . Compared to August 2007 , it has strengthened by 7.5 percent against the euro and 15,9 percent against the dollar .
Avalon Bay announced several months ago that she wanted to repave the little street and install seats , some which will be used by a café to which the constructor will rent out space .
Several members of the League of First Division were already in the previous season , convicted of manipulation of relegation compulsory ; in the end , the beginning of the League has even be unrealistic at the last minute .
Today , the party is probably vexed , since its requests for him to be placed under house arrest , on the basis of a reduction of his detention conditions , continually fall on deaf ears .
Otherwise , we risk that other countries are suffering the effects .
Ecouter of music at full volume for a prolonged period using mobile music devices like MP3 players , can cause permanent damage to the hearing .
Foreigners who come to discover the history of Eatonville , its raison d ' être , are still treated with caution .
For the CSU , the failure was not quite a surprise , but on Sunday , came to end a process that was likely it is that , just ten years : The undisputed hegemony of the national party ended .
Today , the largest agreement in American journalism lies between who run the newsrooms- i.e. the directors - and reporters who work for them .
But look at all in detail and from the start .
On the other , the person .
GTS Novera the group , which would like to take a step towards becoming a real competitor to Telefonika in the field of client enterprise , has not been hiding for a while now , its intention to launch a virtual mobile operator .
There is no beer , not anymore .
It is a group of elected Republicans that wrecked the first draft agreement last week .
Much to Eatonville , as Ms Jones , a teacher courageous and which has a low for the red lively , have always fear that their insular community is understood .
The first was Jimmy Carter , who , with his decisions , destroyed the US economy and had contacts ( as he continues to have today , as a private citizen ) with the Islamic enemy . "
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi .
" We have made great progress .
The documents passed into the hands of the BBC before being handed over to the police .
But , according to their revelations , the American journalists are often " sick " during the year .
The sale price manufacturers to export rose by 1.1 percent compared to those of July 2008 , as compared to those of a year ago , they fell by 3.9 percent .
They have not been according to the opposition .
Later , the Dow Jones was a little overtaken .
Least for these aspects of our conscience who depend on the prefrontal cortex , including the conscience of who we are , and the ability to predict and decide , it is reasonable to assume that human beings differentiates even other primates .
According to a spokesman for the police , the actress has been cooperative and alcohol abuse has been removed from the beginning , " according to the observation police officers at first sight , we thought that Locklear was under the influence of a medicine " .
" The scientists-concluded the executive UE- confirm that there are good reasons to worry , and that the European Commission will now decide , with the Member States and other interested parties , what steps could possibly be taken to better protect children and adolescents , against exposure to noise from mobiles and similar music devices .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently elsewhere .
At the time , the department said that prosecutors were dismissed because of poor performance .
The whole matter was born from the account of the case by the inspector general of the Department of Justice , who criticized the actions of some cabinet officers .
Drugs : Never with of fruit juices .
The plan also includes aid for property owners , who have problems to pay .
In this way , instead of infinite combinations that bees have to avoid other bees , in our case , we could only use swerving movements , acceleration and slowdown as maneuvers for the mini auto-robot
In conditions almost parfaites- sunny time , 48 , 55 degrees from the arrivée- Gebrselassie won Sunday , now an impressive average of a thousand in 4 minutes 43 seconds
" We are about to agree on a plan that will work and be equally effective on the market .
Minister ' s office Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek think it will discourage drivers a dangerous driving .
Has television , President Lukashenko and the members of the central electoral commission welcome their success .
Renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush .
Clothes designed for the comfort of underwear .
Remind you that if it is very anxious several times , it is advisable to consult a doctor or check what causes both of anxiety in children .
Obama ? The first president anti-American . This is why .
( Today there are 90 percent blacks )
This has been a recurring themes of the end of the week , who has started Friday by a large cocktail to highlight the 50th anniversary of the arrival of Jean Lesage at the head of the party .
Ehud Olmert , the chairman of the interim government of Israel , ruled in favour of the return of almost all the territories occupied in 1967 , including the West Bank and East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights , in exchange for peace with the Palestinians and Syria .
The common transport agency of Prague ( MHD ) will introduce , on Wednesday , the chip in their ticketing system
Sheikh Hasina like Zhaleda Zia , denies the accusations against her .
It is certain that they can be dismissed at any time , but not for political reasons .
This mechanism must only deal with a few signals per second , and respond to them .
Dennis Quaid outraged counter-attack
It is beyond me . "
The fact that Belarus , economically dependent increasingly Russia , would improve relations with the EU , where because of the political order of Belarus described as undemocratic , Lukashenko and several senior politicians do not receive entry visa , was one of the expectations of the opposition , Belarus has taken credit for the reduction of Russian natural gas imports more expensive , and helped the passage of society Beltransgaz , owner of gas driven across the country , is spent in the hands of the Russian .
On behalf of the French Presidency , this high-level conference was opened by Xavier Bertrand , Labor and Social Affairs French Minister , and by Vladimir Spidla , European Commissioner for Work , Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities .
There is a line on the border on which there has been no agreement for a very long time and , when the opportunity arises , I reiterate our position on behalf of the government , " he said .
The police in Kent has said that it would not discuss specific cases or travel in the potential Glitter contée .
In his edition of the 17 September , The duty published a letter from Mr Patrick J. Garver , vice-chairman of the Canadian mining Barrick Gold .
The hopes of Düsseldorfois are based on Frankfurt .
Thus , the future is perhaps promising .
This part of the brain , along with several other functions , plays a role in the mechanism of " self-promotion " of the nervous system .
A clear but complex pessimism invades American journalism .
Fall of shares in Asia
I feel better than ever , I ' m delighted with my 30 years .
Windows 7 will be lighter and it will no longer have as many programmes involved .
Roger Levesque was the only off Matt Jordan for the Sounders .
Extreme means as at election time .
Eatonville has long been defined as a paradox of triumph and fighting .
However , I do not think so .
Despite all this , the opposition is still a palpable improvement in the political system : The political detainees have found freedom , and Minsk is prepared to small confrontation with Moscow , still refusing to recognise the South Ossetia and the Abazzia separated from Georgia and Russia with which Belarus form a confederation on paper , consider the two territories Independents for a month .
In this respect , the economic crisis seems to produce two convergent phenomena .
In short , over breakfast during working hours ; more of coffee or increasing .
Sellers must decide whether they will in turn increase the cost to consumers .
It is indeed what took place this weekend .
Part of the Madrid press is also sees Washington as the scapegoat .
If you already have a mobile and want to buy a cheap MP3 player , go for a Cowon , a Creative , a Sony , a Samsung , a Emgeton , or an iriver .
And reading of music is one of the most important energy goinfres .
In Vietnam , the nation lost 50 thousand soldiers and were sent back with kicks to their rear .
Perhaps
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
These drinks , consumed especially the summer because désaltérantes and rich in vitamins , if associated with some vital medicines , to alter the popular absorbement or reducing in the case , their effectiveness , with the same serious consequences for health .
Cautious , the two candidates have ducked questions concerning the financial rescue package of $ 700 billion ( 470 billion ) adopted yesterday evening by Congress and extremely unpopular .
" The main interest of Avalon Bay is relooker this been abandoned , and make public " she said , pointing out that this was the city to suggest the sale " .
Following the category of issuers of bills company is directly related to the accused .
The complicity of murder is causing a detention of up to five years .
" In the trains integrated into Prazˇská integrovaná doprava ( transport integrated Prague ) , supervisors are equipped with card readers , in which they establish the validity of temporary and zoning vouchers , " said the control of tickets Filip Drápal of the organisation Ropid , which sees the time of transport pragois .
Some upmarket music players are capable of much more than just playing music , but these consist mainly of functions different from most mobiles .
He was the enemy of Richard Nixon and the defender lost and overcome causes , like the foundation for fighting drugs created in honour of his mother who died following an overdose , and the creation of his own brand of organic food .
We switch on the computer only to turn Firefox , Explorer offer or chromium and every day people spend more time to surf the Internet that to go of the windows .
Whose orders seem to have been similar : And that it is with this second goal !
" On the contrary , " he said , " you must ensure that your child speaks Spanish " .
The research borehole américo-European Casini-Huygens used this device physical , just as the solar borehole Ulysses .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
" We need this second goal , " siffla Hermann Rieger in the corridor of changing rooms of the ring of Hamburg .
But before the classes began , it was up to me to introduce myself .
The police is examining the weapon and the circumstances of its use with the help of experts .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risks " .
Take , for example , sixth Street Prep , an elementary school in east of the county of Los Angeles .
The possibility of obtaining energy from the movement of the sea is considered for now hundred years , and in the 1970s , in competition with the first oil crisis , the research intensified .
No one was afraid to be ridiculed or to exaggerate .
The spending of the second half of the $ 700 billion depends on a new decree of Congress .
As regards the names of companies that would be on the bills , it was decided , during the touring of the province north of Lake Balaton , and was carried out by István Lados , at the request of János Zuschlag .
We should start offering transplants early next year , " says Dre Décary who describes this programme of removal of umbilical cord blood as very popular .
This measure is that the administrative penalties for two reasons : Face these behaviors before they become criminal offences .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
When he was released , Glitter took the plane to Bangkok where it would have the board for a flight to London .
That is something that savers and householders will appreciate in these uncertain times . "
The rest of the time has been relatively quiet , but when the gong was music , I have been beset by the rules .
Open Office , this is the third edition of the " anti-Microsoft " package
" In the case of long-distance routes , it is not possible to treat these places , they are blocked . "
In the sectors of production of consumer goods , prices rose by 0.3 percent , while those sectors which produce energy and materials aimed at a subsequent transformation did not change compared with the previous month .
A little more than three miles of the arrival , Gebrselassie has made his final push to diversify away from Kwambai , which ends second in 2 : 05 : 36 , improving its best record staff of five minutes .
At the time of her death in 1960 , Hurston was poor and her books were out of print .
People behave similarly , which is why some scientists deduce a similar subjective experience .
It is primarily targeted at the conscience of young drivers , motorcyclists , pedestrians , as well as professional drivers .
That announcement the European Commission , which , in a statement distributed in Brussels , quote the opinion of the Scientific Committee , on the health risks unexpected and recently identified ( Csrseri ) of the EU , published today .
What is it that it means ?
In their comments Tuesday on the international financial crisis , culmination of the day , newspapers leaders of the European press evoke already a " second 11 September .
" If the passenger would need to check the validity of the voucher registered , there is nothing more simple as to call this information to the driver , " compléta Drápal .
A war of late Rose for the former couple Meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid : Seven years after their divorce , the two Hollywood actors are engaged in a battle disgracieuse - in full view of the world .
Reuters announcement that during debates are extending until after midnight on Saturday , local time on the east coast , the leaders of Congress agreed on the controversy that exists for days on end , around the rescue plan for a total of $ 700 billion .
" I have never seen anything like this , " said Ellis .
Democratic Representative Rahm Emanuel , a former member of the Clinton administration , has compared the " Obama ' s good economic instincts " to those of Bill Clinton during the 1998 financial crisis .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
It is precisely at the request of Iván Kubatov that the Romanian builders have created the companies Fa-Bani Jos Faipari Kft. and Jos-Investment Bt .
Other cabinet officers , including the former employee of Bush , Karl Rove , have been criticised for not having managed to cooperate in the investigation .
It demeura one of seven national symbols even after the creation of the Czech Republic independent .
Tuesday , at the beginning of trade , the stock exchange of Prague renoua with his downfall of the day before , when it lost almost six percent .
As in a plane , said an expert
A day very intense but , at the same time , exciting , we expected .
Mr field , for his part , said think that some under felt the attractiveness of the street in its current state .
Obama said to CBS that McCain has not had any role in the negotiations , while he was in daily contact with the Treasure Secretary .
Which device to choose
We have seen many its binette allowed to grace the vinaigrette pots , sauces , biscuits and other foods , judging the process of poor taste , albeit joke at the outset .
But that means and for the emotions ?
This is the first time in the history of the United States that the legal ceilings will be in force on the allowances of the directors-general , has commented on the chairman of the committee responsible for financial services of the Chamber of Deputies , the democrat Barney Frank .
The talks come , however , only to begin , said in the financial centre .
Coppola is being investigated for bankruptcy in the framework of the investigation on the Unipol-Bnl escalation .
" Black children are used to being embraced - I remember well - we embraced our teachers in the morning and evening " said N.Y. Nathiri . , daughter of Ella Dinkins and chief director of the protection of the Community of Eatonville , a non-profit group .
In this place so , I have presented to the rostrum , and tried to speak properly : ' Sayonara Wo She Sylvana ... ' - I called Sylvana , I come from Germany and my birthday is in a week .
The office and employees of shops which are in front of me , frightened of another potential debacle , have transferred money to a bank that their reliable , seems to be the most rescue on Wall Street .
This is what it is like when a directorial committee wants to demonstrate its ability to act in difficult times .
Eatonville is classified historic city since 1998 .
According to the Member , a collaboration of the European Union geared towards a goal and an action is necessary for an acceleration of the process of desegregation schools . This respect for existing anti-discrimination directives and preparation is of paramount importance .
" We cannot believe , that you would give the territory to a foreign government , which oppresses and destroys the minorities and has done nothing to aid the victory of the Allies , without taking into account the opinion of its quarter of a million inhabitants , " says the letter .
While no result had yet been announced , many young people came to demonstrate against the power of President Alexander Lukashenko : " The dictator , resign " .
Passengers can buy a coupon valid for 30 days or 90 days ( this will be available from 1 January 2009 ) as well as register their smart card at information points and the offices of Dopravní podnik ( the transport agency ) , located in the underground stations at Muzeum , Mu ˚ stek , Nádrazˇí Holesˇovice , Andeˇl , Roztyly , Letnˇany , Kobylisy , Rajská zahrada , Kacˇerov and Luka .
Then they ammended it to allow passengers to go to the toilet during the journey on condition that they have their own seat , " he revealed his position .
Friday , the winner was Daniel Luque who cut three ears and was carried out in triumph , having made movements of arms with taste and aesthesis faced with the bull .
American actions lived , on Monday , a bloodbath and the main indices of actions got the biggest fall of the last 20 years .
" naturally outraged , everyone has resolved to put an end to such tragedies which , by their numbers , call for the clamour of media and the participation of the public , even if daily reality presents us with dramatic cases , even repetitive in their dynamics .
Not inform .
According to the chief economist of Patria Finance David Marek , the plan is a good idea , but its implementation will be very difficult .
The principle of capping means that if the secretariat the Treasury is buying up in an auction , they prélèveront a surplus of tax on the golden parachute , unless the President of discredited bank based in retirement .
In addition , and this is an example that Mr Obama could copy , reported Linda Mikels , chief of the sixth Street , the school has created the investigation of the English language full " waterboarding " .
The most resounding these days is probably the coordinated action against paedophiles Brazil , during which Google has sent to the Brazilian Government the information that he had collected on page of the public called Orkut , allowing an identification .
And it is only thanks to the important benefits of the reimbursement of costs of accounting downstream from the restructuring of the former group Depfa , as well as the interest payments , according to the tax book procedures and commercial procurement for companies of Konzern that the deficit of the gains of about 16 percent has proven to be moderate .
The first time this has happened that may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
Unfortunately , that a limited part of aircraft has a universal USB connector , because not all can be directly connected to the computer , without a special software .
The bad boy from Australia , Russell Crowe , called Newman his greatest inspiration .
Beyond the speech by Mr Garver surréel , the pursuit of Barrick Gold is a direct attack on freedom of research university and the quest for truth , essential to a democratic society .
The question , if it is really a chance , is naturally .
The bloodshed US stocks
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
Indeed , earlier Roma children start school , it increases the chances of becoming a productive member of the labour market ; by the taxes paid from his income and consumption , part of the state budget .
Police control of a van in the province of Alava : two thousand kilos of hashish found
Even taking into account the additional purchase of such a card , you will not exceed two thousand kronor .
No later than last year became on the island of Réunion the virus chikungunya who , like the West Nile virus , is transmitted by an insect in the blood .
The sale price domestic sectors of the processing industry has suffered only a small increase of 0.1 percent in July .
Austria thinks seriously about regaining its courage , following its oscillation to the right in the parliamentary elections yesterday .
Of the main ways as at election time .
Witness information available to the public learned from CˇTÚ websites .
The individual arrested was accused of drug trafficking and falsification of documents .
After the victory on Sunday , Gebrselassie said to reporters have suffered the Mollet-two weeks before , and have missed training for a week .
German domestic flights have even been divided by two according to the study .
In particular , the tar , we doubt the exclusion of additional benefits in the event of injury to cause of service hours ; the extension of hours of continuous domiciliaire worker ill , during which are carried out inspections and other items from the new provisions sought by the minister .
The song is performed by Katerˇina Kneˇzˇínková and Adam Plachetka .
Madrid in the race for the 2016 Olympic Games
Paul Newman was part of that . "
The course of action of the great German bank Hypo Real Estate collapses and pulls Dax into the abyss .
For one , it can be unacceptable to spend eight thousand kroner for a reader , in the same way as a fan of Pink Floyd would be hard to sustain the headphones bought for twenty kronor in the market .
If they had taken into account all the mistakes that occurred during the race , it would be a note éliminatoire .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
The English-called ' s tank but the awesome Marcel of Brussels stands out among all the other .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family which is doing very well " .
It is indeed that took place this weekend .
Dennis Quaid outraged at counter-attack
But he adds moreover , sitting in his chair on the back patio that looks onto Lake Sabelia , where Hurston was certainly baptised , that " she never stayed too long " .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
And facilitate its implementation , as the legal reform can be made by ordinary routes but , however , the reform made by criminal means requires a reform of the organic law .
As he said , the orientation Schüssel-Molter was , in any case , rejected .
To cut corners for everyone in Congress , a provision has also been added that if the government were to take losses for five years with this program , it could put in place new taxes to help recover its losses .
In the first round , half of this amount will be spent .
The cause of this exclusion is that the stock exchange of Warsaw is owned by the state .
It lasted , he added , until teachers and students came from the same place .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
The gravitationnel effect is a means used by space probes to get an extra boost from the gravitational field a celestial body , the Earth for example .
Already the way to go to school I was afraid .
Inseparable except in the unknown intimacy , in these times of the public , where we discover to intimate and gestures of sight stolen of artists who do not care about up on stage .
With big on the heart and bear it , because of the recent death of his brother , Nati has put a clothing and a couple of Mango parures of ELAH , which cut off the breath , below , arms and hands with his son Luis - a good man of almost two metres high – it has accompanied Valentino to his dinner prepared in his honour .
A few months after the attacks of September 2001 , during the days of the collapse of Enron , Krugman wrote in an article published on the New York Times , that the second event would have been more important than the first , in terms of impact on US history .
The disappearance of Paul Newman has been staggering to the cinema goers the end of this week , while collide its major roles on the screen black memories .
" There are few areas belonging to the city , and we hope that the city has extra Place " she said .
No financial movement has taken place , either , since the invoices were cancelled later , but that the bodies have avoided mentioned in their accounts .
With the festival " Popular Song of Mines " Bauer began in 1997 a long journey to photograph singers , dancers guitarists or dancers with a film camera .
If music is for you , essentially , a background noise and if during the day you will listen to it for a limited time , for example while taking the tram , you only need any mobile capable of reading MP3s .
According to her , " now , everything is waiting for the moment when the systems of entry and electronic control of the Atlantic will be put into service " .
The question , if it is really a matter of chance , pops up naturally .
" UEFA constantly has an eye on us . "
The Press ( diepresse.com )
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
The assistant trainer Cornelius Jol has acquiesed and given the thumbs up .
Stress is evil of the twenty-first century .
We may not realize it yet , but at the moment we are witnessing an insidious erosion of our rights , freedom and ' democracy ' , that very word that Harper continues to brandish and which rings so hollow in his mouth .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
However , the law will still undergo many changes .
Etudiants victims of the rent ladies , up to EUR 900 for a chamber .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
In the context of this experiment 12 Catholic believers and as many atheists were subjected to shock , while each of them was presented with a painting of the Virgin Mary .
The head of the Deta-Bank Franz Waas said during the presentation of the figures of the six months ended August that he had no sense in the merger of the house of the Mainzer Landstrasse with a bank of Land , the Helaba or WestLB .
The ageing population also has implications for the network of blood donors which brings together on average only 3 % of eligible Quebecian blood donors . "
Historical cinemas are closing in favour of Multiplexes .
Alice Walker , Tony Morrison and Ruby Dee came to the Zora Festival every year at Eatonville , to pay tribute to Hurston , the most famous writer of the Harlem Renaissance .
He was released from the mirror narcissique , the American player to smile charmer ?
If the mobile operators a blind eye to such a procedure , why blocking the creation of a virtual operator ?
A few days you debuted on the ramp with Naomi Campbell , is it not ?
For a price of three or four thousand kronor , one can buy a very decent walkman .
Who uses even half of the applications provided with the system ?
Blood mixed are often children beautiful .
I had to find the way by myself . Fortunately I didn ' t get lost .
99 % of the shares are in the hands of the Polish state who wants to secede from more than 60 % of its actions in a few months of activities .
The total amount to the aid of the system should be divided into two parts .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is now complete with the Palais Chigi .
The question , if it is really a chance , is naturally .
Askale Tafa Margasa of Ethiopia came second in 2 : 21 : 31 , while Helena Kiprop , Kenyan finished third in 2 : 25 : 01 .
Der Spiegel ( spiegel.de )
But it is also important if you are always carrying headphones or a handsfree with connection .
It identifies obstacles within an angle of 180 degrees and a distance of 2 feet in front of the BR23C . It assesses the distances and sends a signal to the microchip on board , which turns to avoid the object immediately .
" This is the fundamental point : if we do not do this , the trauma , chaos and the disruption on the daily lives of Americans will be immense , " said the Republican Judd Gregg .
He was born in Ohio in 1925 , a German Jew father and mother of Hungarian origin .
Meanwhile , culture and its American geek " sauvageons " between the passionate , the activists and users enthusiastic of the computer that appear in many countries are in Google the next generation of big business , " trendy " corporation , as opposed to his rival , Microsoft , classified as invader of the world because of Windows , even if all the two are fighting for the same purpose .
Regardless of this , the feeling is spread that the combination of the various institutions of the public sector is especially urgent .
Then I quickly crept back into my place .
The directors who lose their jobs in the space of three years , are 47 % at national level .
The only government that , despite the fact that Canada signed the Geneva Convention , denies its word and leaves languish in inhuman conditions a child soldier .
It still need to continue this recovery plan of markets , but I think we have , " Paulson said .
This epochal change is also the problem of any Christian Democracy , and therefore also that of Angela Merker .
It is better for example , they will still need forces .
According to a statement from the Hypo Real Estate , the need to finance the group is covered with the medium-term credit and the company protected influence of international financial markets largely outside running at present .
I read it in my mangas .
It is being proclaimed that every society must pay a sum proportional to the deposits that it holds , and that intermediate companies must pay about 18 % of the cost .
" It is a player ' poor
When energy is born waves , now the big moves .
US , the economic turmoil is felt even among journalists : In the press , it is the deletions . , and many blame the Internet , this ' murders " the paper newspaper .
This episode has shown that the precautionary principle that has been applied made sense . "
Proof that confirms that the thing most responsible for their disappearance is the advent of the multiplex , because it is the three Italian regions that have made the most of new cinemas multisalles : 195 screens in Lombardy in the last five years , 81 in Tuscany as Emily-Romagne .
In 2007 , a strong attack of laryngitis forced him to cancel his concerts .
Most of those in front of me were there for the same reason as myself , I learned later from Starr , my ' personal authorized banker ' .
Cornelius is the brother of the chief trainer of Hamburg Martin Jol .
It begins with an instrumental section that lasts almost two minutes .
" Several mothers are disappointed not to be able to have access to it , " because Héma-Quebec does not have the resources to propose this complex and expensive programme in all hospitals in Quebec .
Mr Obama should it not take example of the sixth Street Prep and the reply in other schools made up mostly of Hispanic students learning English .
Illhaeusern finally ...
Both by measures formal and informal pressure , they ended up getting the creation of a virtual operator , followed by others .
In 2010 , it will pay the interests of the whole year , which could also double .
The Sudanese kidnappers had demanded a ransom of several million euros .
We cannot ignore the threat longer - highlights the day-Anzeiger in Geneva .
WestLB bloc would be a " responsibility " doubled to a sustainable productivity in such a case .
If the quality is , as in France with the Commission Attali , as in Rome , I am on , its contribution will be crucial .
' " The Committee is absolutely independent ; all the political , social and cultural ideas are represented - wishes to emphasise Alemanno - it will offer ideas of development for Rome which policymakers can use , which remain the Committee and the City Council .
Has the death of Hurston in 1960 , it was poor and his books were out of production .
The ÖVP prohibits the SPÖ of meddling in its internal affairs .
My host mother had also made me this kind of Lunchbox - it ' s really something other than its miserable German counterpart .
Almost all mobile are now capable of this .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciated .
Similarly , in the summer of 2002 , the bill on behalf of the foundation Jobb Jövo ˝ ért , which later will bear the name of Együtt has Harmadik Évezredért , grouillait of mistakes of form and substance .
Young people in particular , tend to be regarded as Hurston Eatonville its entire race : Beautiful , problematic and all , or better or worse , but also proud , creative , bosseuse , crazy and mixed that other racial and ethnic groups in America .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez .
The first debate on Friday between the two candidates for the White House was followed by another to know which of John McCain and Barack Obama prevailed .
They say so much about he , I know , many things are not true .
" During a regular traffic , there is no risk . The situation can be compared to that of service in aircraft .
Another problem occurs while recording music on a mobile .
Immediately after the General Council of the Liberal Party , Jean Charest went to Jean-Achilles , Quebec , where the new Minister of Health , Yves Bolduc ( left ) , is trying to get elected in the election today .
In 2007 , the data Inail confirm that the dead white were approximately 1 200 .
Although the concepts are different in " Flamenco - people ' , the photographer admits that he loves photographing the portrait of people , knowing them , and to enter their lives for a moment .
What matters most consumer awareness and make this information to public domain .
We , on the contrary , want to see progress , and more : to a broader prospective , working seriously for the development of Rome and its future . "
The directors almost always receive huge salaries , while the Editor can earn 10 thousand dollars a month , in addition to retirement pension and the payment of insurance .
In the latest episode of this financial catastrophe , " Citygroup buys banking operations of the Wachovia Corporation , said the government on Monday .
But the complaints from many interested parties ( including the GTS Novera company mentioned earlier ) show that they meet with similar constrains in their negotiations with all operators .
All lies with it , " he says .
He foams - and counter-attacks .
I am interested it was to create an intimate atmosphere to be able to capture with the camera of moments of personality of the stars of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco " .
Due to the increase in the price of kerosene , passengers in economy class have to pay an average of 7.1 percent more than in 2007 , the long-haul flights , very consumers of fuel , have even increased until 29.2 percent .
It took the second time , when the jets transformèrent a 0-0 in an explosion .
This was repeated during the three years in the elections of the Bundestag of 2005 , i.e. at the time of the much-discussed Stoiber .
The american of Dow Jones collapses despite the rescue of the financial market planned by the state .
( At the same time , the federal government has successfully obtained some 50,000 web addresses and 1,000 search terms that it had gained in relation to the strengthening of the law on the protection of children , voted several years ago , but in the end , it fails to get the lists of private users searches , or the whole list of Internet sites and the key words from the last two months . )
Later , the other two houses no longer does not rejoignèrent .
The intensity with which it happens is also very different .
As I do not explores language and consciousness among rats , or sensations , I do not know if they exist .
This is what has surprised researchers for years : flying bodies do not behave a 100 percent in the way one would expect them to according to the venerable laws of gravity .
At the same time , thousands of public employees , are united to contest the standards of the Brunetta decree making use of the Codacons .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez .
Tom Wright , Anglican bishop , welcomed the results of this research .
That is one aspect of the American mindset which is kept secret until the end .
On the side of the opposition , the broad outlines of Plan North have been welcomed with scepticism .
" He has tried to do enough in the first period , noted Guy Carbonneau .
If that , internally and subjectively , cannot be measured and , because of the particular nature of the hardware , be analysed based on our own experience , then its observation raises some serious problems .
A source of the Ministry of Interior said that Jacqui Smith , the Home Affairs Minister has been reassured and happy to know that Glitter was banned from travelling in France and Spain .
The Spanish-American novelist acknowledged that " there is no way " to measure and whether the books are changing life . " But I refuse to believe that literature is a pure amusement , a short-lived experience , " said Vargas Llosa , who said that it " has the effects " and " makes people less similar " , because it has asked the writers ' not give in to the frivolity " and to assume their vocation .
" Paul Gadd was not present when " .
The court was told that Ms Randle , aged 34 years , has suicidée home to Mutley , Plymouth , on 1 April 2007 .
Giorgio Dal Torrione , mayor of the UDC at the time of the collapse , was appointed head of a center-right coalition , after a run-off in May 2006 .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed , not elected .
" And the choices are different : Ocean Power , for example , uses a system of buoys linked together .
It also hope that the Quebec called the members of the Council of radio and Canadian telecommunications and that they have a right of veto on the decisions taken in Quebec .
Hidden in the development of its huge park , a few miles from the sunshine , the brilliant and the giant Orlando , is a quiet town where are born the pride and complications of the African-American experience .
The chairman of the regional Calabrese committee Agazio Loiero , cannot deny that " there are more than one collusions between local councils and organised crime " in his region : " there are places where the mafia is stronger than in others , where the collusion is almost inevitable .
It is possible to limit these data making use of solutions such as the reduction of the level and duration of exposure to noise .
In Afghanistan , almost 200,000 children have missed the recent immunization campaign against polio , for reasons of violence linked to the Taliban , said the UN .
He dedicated his film Harry and Son – a work of modesty and sadness - to his son whom he lost to drug overdose .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
According to the BSA , no society has failed since 1945 , the first date of its history .
The neurophysicien Joseph LeDoux is convinced that many animals have also of the sensations .
The two parties are trying to prevent the building of mosques and minarets , saying that they would be a political symbol of the Islamisation of Austria and Europe .
But also remind them to take the belt before start .
Superglue to walk on the walls .
The two minors , who , according to the information from MTI ( Hungarian Telegraphic Agency ) are girls , are defending themselves .
This is the second weekend of the party of beer , known as the ' weekend of Italy .
A spokesman for the Kent Police said " The police in Kent will do everything necessary to protect our children as those from abroad .
It should be managed by the Ministry of Finance .
The Sudeten Germans were in 1945 that Sˇumava National Park is included in the US .
In exchange for help , Washington will shares in companies rescued which will be worth of dividends in case of profit and that it will sell when the storm will be passed .
Publication printed against broadcast .
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
According to the head of Google questioned , after ten years of work of global chamboulement , they are still at the beginning of their aims to deal with all the information .
The academic world , to which we belong , has long been known to manage debates and disagreements and resolve conflicts .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
On both sides , there were , of course , those who have expressed their doubts about the plan .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risks " .
When Sylvana Hiltrop , 16 years old , must be present for the first day of Highschool at Tachibana , girls are giggle at her : The German is so " kawaii ' !
For Elena , this is the first time , for Luca already the third or fourth time .
What is more , the irregularities occur at the level of speed .
This is the second weekend of the party of beer , known as the ' weekend of Italy .
Has another group , they promised that if they went to win the game , then they would receive additional $ 15 , as a reward .
But pressure in the direction of an honest functioning market and lower prices is apparently not among the interests of ÚOHS .
The party populist BZÖ is open to negotiations . The Greens are not yet to agree on the coalition .
However , the OSCE ' s report on Monday was already challenging the campaign , in which most of the candidates for the opposition could not appear in the media , and particularly the fact that the opposition could not be present at the counting of votes .
" We know how to take a step back , " said Marcell Jansen .
This is not merely a male body in a cotton shirt , milling and without sleeves .
Next year , there will need a visa to go to the United States ?
But we want to be independent .
On the one hand , such products music does not go on record , and vinyl , from the point of view of quality , there is no objective reason for that to happen .
' " According to scientific data - she continues - it is a clear risk and we must react quickly .
In the world , around half a billion people suffer from chronic hepatitis B or C , while in Hungary , the chronic disease of the liver is mentioned among the main causes of death .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
In fact , these attacks that do not say much ; they are obviously attacks of racial nature , and do not correspond to the views of all voters : will he be a good president ? We have the polls , which say that Obama will win with a clear advantage .
They wear road signs of mosques removed in red .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
" If the project is moribund ( ... ) then the relay will be quickly gone to the Fed ( the US central bank , included ) and other central banks to manage the crisis , which resserrerait more credit conditions , said Brian Bethune , chief economist at Global Insight .
It is probably true that a classic operator with its own network has apparently not much chance ( incidentally , now , it would be difficult to of frequencies ) .
And the sooner the better .
The technology-dominated Nasdaq index , has yielded 199,61 points to 1.983,73 index and the broader Standard & Poor ' s 500 8,81 % ( 106,85 points ) , 1.106,55 points , according to the final figures .
Napolitano does not hide " there is certainly a problem of resources : It is essential to invest in training and information "
According to the Czech business daily E15 , the Polish proposal represents the most high that has been made to date for the purchase of the stock market in Prague .
After its privatisation in 1990 , the former state financier had first of all badly speculated on industrial real estate loans , which then had been affiliated with the bank Aareal .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
It embodied for everyone an ideal of beauty and truth .
There is already a European standard of safety which limits the noise level of portable music devices to 100Db , but the concern is growing about the hearing damage that may result of excessive exposure to such sources of noise .
The loan of £ 14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of Bradford & Bingleys are released .
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators .
Adrian Coles , BSA
With a final role as godfather of the Irish Mafia in Sam Mendes ' Road to Perdition in 2003 , the circle was completed .
A court in Bangladesh has rejected a request from backing to the former PM Sheikh Hasina , which is likely to be arrested at his return .
In February we were informed of the launch of the virtual operator Mobilking in Poland .
The multinational trade and tourism has also indicated that the actions will not be sold to Thomas Cook .
Sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident , " he said , there is a years , Ty ´ den.cz .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
In this transition , Stoiber , who until now called the shots behind the scenes , will also receive an active role . The former head of the regional government and former president of the CSU , has appointed the 28 September as the most bitter day of his political career .
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciates .
In the view of all this talk of a " rebellion of the masses " , seems quite frankly excessive .
The draft law states that in the next five years , the President must introduce to Congress , a proposal that will rule on how the losses will be returned to the taxpayers , from the financial sector .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
The obligations of the Hypo Real Estate bank appeared to be an alternative investment of speculation , now their value should be seen as dependent on the stability of the international banking system after the tightening of the banking crisis and the crisis in the same institution that has brought the crisis in the company by its takeover of the bank Depfa .
Kohl , too , is positive , this is the fourth cases of doping .
Given that the building societies are organisations without shareholder , their Member end up paying the bill or by higher costs , or lower interest rates on savings accounts .
The awesome Marcel
" Serious accusations of conduct potentially criminal , unfounded , have not been fully confirmed or resolved , " said the inspector General , Glenn Fine , in his report .
The second half began after the Jets and the Arizona Cardinals played dirtily under the dark clouds .
The project of the motorway happened just when the most famous girl of Eatonville had recovered her appeal .
The cause can be attributed to the modernisation " devouring his parents ' , put in place in the region in a consistent with the CSU .
It could be the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
While viewing the religious painting , they felt 12 % less pain than when they viewed the work of Leonard .
Verdant Power , on the contrary , is already producing energy for a commercial center and a car park using six under-water turbines in the East River in New York .
But that is precisely what should seem strange to the CˇTÚ .
In this project , the photographer takes up the special iconography of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco from different angles .
Open Office has been particularly attention to the interaction with the result Office 2007 , and it is possible to open the documents with the new extension of Microsoft ( .docx , .xlsx , .pptx. )
This should particularly bring nights of insomnia to long term creditors on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments or not .
Demand will acquire ground for many market segments of travel by air .
" When a static panel which warns against a danger is installed , it will probably quickly merge with the environment and the drivers will not notice it any more , " said Korˇán .
Has 5.40 p.m. , official time , the plane of the Spanish air force in which the Princes of Asturias traveled landed in the warehouse president of the airport Benito Juárez of Mexico DF .
This accident could be somehow related to the elections .
No , not Mr , I am Spanish but I have lived here thinking two years .
According to the court , such movements ( that the entry was not granted ) would allow him to influence its society and to have access to evidence that the blame .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
The wrong time has hit the fair , because ultimately two parties on three could not take place .
It is more robust than other institutes refinancing dependent on the inter-bank market since it has no customers received .
It is also worthy , and private independent than it was in the 1930s , when Hurston said that the rural population in Florida was often reluctant to share its true thoughts with the white man , who " we with so little , do not know what he loses " .
Currently , we estimate that there are 200 million patients with chronic hepatitis C-type in the world .
The cap wage is not mentioned in any specificity : the limitations depend on how the secretariat of the Treasury offers its aid to the company .
" Say what you want , we will see ourselves to the cross , on Obama or McCain .
Condemnation for loss of official data .
After a first half without goals on both sides , the midfielder David Testo and Rocco Plancentino hit the Montréal net .
The private bank Sal Oppenheim , has signed up for 23 million new shares .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
While the economic situation is détériorasse , the demand for raw materials , including oil , should be slow .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
Has long term , we need the Member of the European Union are few cases of their national egoism , and they centralises control over financial markets divided .
In the same way as in a city bus or in a tram .
In most cases , it is a question of firms in charge of multi-level marketing .
Today , Eatonville is an anomaly in Florida : To six miles of Orlando , it can at any time see themselves as a back street after a summer rainy day , small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880 ' s .
On the side of the opposition , it has welcomed the broad outlines of Plan north with scepticism .
AIG must quickly achieve liquidity to repay the loan of 85 billion that the Federal Reserve loaned it at the risk of the American authorities taking 80 % of its capital , diluting the share due to the current shareholders .
But pay attention , the Belgian brand does not make only tank tops .
Similarly , a price of petrol strictly identical to all the service stations is deciding by chance and hard struggle of competition .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
This phenomenon can be very sporadic ( once in a lifetime , for example , associated with an episode of strong fever ) , or on a more regular basis ( every day , once a week , once a month ... ) ; the day after the child does not remember anything .
If one of the operators accepted the creation of a virtual mobile operator , the ÚOHS will hardly remain impassive the rejection ( discrimination ) other interested .
Lawmakers hope that it will be adopted during the coming days .
Attacks on Obama are rising while the date of the elections approach .
" We are very keen to offer our clients not only fixed telecommunications services , but mobile as well .
But a few years ago , it has been proven beyond any doubt that the disease is transmitted by the blood .
The future is perhaps promising .
Not to mention the missed deliberation of credit for traders : the debt of the state is around 10 million euros .
The future is perhaps promising .
According to the press office of the Group of the Member Fidesz People ' s Party , Járóka warned that alongside distinctions found in the recruitment , Roma disappear from the labour market , in the first place , following their low qualifications .
Virtually anybody can master the controls of the most rudimentary MP3 players - which do not necessarily correspond to the cheapest ( see our choice ) .
In March , it will have completed its tasks and disappeared , because this experiment must have a specific time period .
This incredible success was achieved through another ingredient that put forward by Mr Obama .
The runners of runway as Gebrselassie and Paul Tergat , both runners , converted into Kenya , contributed to the loss of the marathon record of more than two minutes in the last ten years , since 1998 , when the Brazilian Ronaldo da Costa became in Berlin in 2 : 06 : 05 .
Does not mean that there are plenty of reasons to buy a reader independent .
Among those invited to take part in the consultation is the European social partners , as well as the most prominent representatives of the legal protection and civilian agencies of Europe , in the field of equal opportunities .
I believe that in the photograph the portrait is the kind of the most difficult .
Last week , Meg Ryan had expressed in an interview for the American newspaper InStyle on the causes of the failure of marriage , " Dennis has long been unfaithful , and it was very painful . "
However , the leader of the United Left has called for investigations show " transparency " for the irregularities that Silva could make : " The United Left has always defended cases of this kind to have a maximum degree of transparency " .
You do not consider - you pay for .
Of course , if even more banks collapse like dominoes , then neither financial resources , nor new improvisations will be enough .
Less cumbersome , less heavy , less complex .
Passion for the portraits of Bauer has led to repeat the idea two years ago with the " portraits of old athletes ' ( ' SportARTproject " ) .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
Roger Levesque was the only one to outplay Matt Jordan for the Sounders .
According to its index , the Taiwan stock exchange lost 3.6 percent .
Since the rallying to Czechoslovakia promises nothing - by knowing the Czech national character - but brutality , attitude without consideration , incomprehension , oppression and servitude , the authors of the letter urge the American president to take in his hands the protection of the Sˇumava for now and forever .
Without egos ultimate amount of quality .
The development of Orlando has already prompted Interstate 4 up to the west of the city .
But even without admit this argument , it should at least be worrying for the ÚOHS that three mobile operators are clearly in a similar way .
Olmert also ruled in favour of retirement of Israel from the Golan Heights , which is , according to him , a prerequisite for the conclusion of a peace agreement with Syria .
We have four versions - one each with solo male or female voices , an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version .
Jaroslav Horˇín , an expert on BESIP ( safety of road traffic ) in safety in transport , does not see the displacement of the stewards on board as a major problem .
The polls and analyses made just after the elections , have defined the extreme right as the most important political bloc of the country , which is demonstrated by the majority of young voters who made the difference , because of their concern about their future in the European Union .
From April to June , prices were already 3.6 percent lower than in the previous year .
In March when they have finished , the Committee and the City Council will evaluate the analyses and projects , in order to present in June , the strategic plan for Rome with the " official " stamp of the Capitol and its mayor Gianni Alemanno .
The beginning of course does not seem to be set as strict as home in Lower Saxony .
But we must renew the members of this network of donors as they get older and cannot give their blood .
Based on the accounts of Benito Pérez Galdós , José Luis Garci recreates the famous battle of Spaniards against the French in " Sangre de Mayo , " which is the the most ambitious film in his filmographie with a budget of nearly 15 million .
The police is examining the weapon and the circumstances of its use with the help of experts .
By a union of the bodies of the financial institution of Düsseldorf with the Deka Bank in Frankfurt , " the central institution of the financial markets of the financial group of the Sparkasse " could be formed , according to the letter made public on Monday .
" We do not want this watered-down trend will result in minor attention , because it is precisely when attention is relaxed that tragedy strikes .
Michele de Milly , the spokesman of Avalon Bay , said that although the company wants to exploit the street , this does not necessarily mean that it wants to be the owner .
The administrative officer of the Director-General of the society Delta Trió Kft . , who is in charge of trade of fuel and cars , and whose headquarters were in Budapest , was nowhere to be found ; instead Iván Kubatov was found .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament is that they have been appointed , not elected .
If he does not have its movements to the authorities , he could face a sentence of up to five years in prison .
The written version of the plan was made public before the opening of the Asian markets , on Sunday evening at 20h , local time of Washington ( i.e. Monday at 2 a.m. , according to the local time of Central ) , but has not caused spectacular rise in the stock exchanges .
" They have thought that this would have remained between the walls of the Ministry of Defence and the Cabinet Office , " he said .
Figures which show the gravity of the phenomenon which proves that it is one of the main causes of death , and causes almost twice as many deaths as homicides .
The reaction of the market following the vote in the US House of Representatives , who refused to adopt the plan for the stabilization of the US financial sector , is also noticeable back home .
The soul , precisely , who has made to feel a despotic with the vote which I mentioned earlier .
German domestic flights have even been divided by two according to the study .
According to the results , believers Catholics have been able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
For some , it is linked to a " safe job " .
It is true , I look forward to leave .
In August 2008 , the the most significant rise of price has been observed in the manufacturing sector for leather articles and shoes ( 2.8 percent ) ; the manufacture of bags and belts with a monthly rise of 4.6 percent , followed by the production of shoes with 2.5 percent of monthly rise .
- Ah , well ...
The Brazilian manufacturer very much hope of the Chinese market especially for its aircraft of the range from 30 to 120 seats .
The alleged reason for which the authors cannot sign the letter is the fear of the desire for revenge of " Czech oppressors " .
Scientists were inspired by the legs of geckos , which are covered with microscopic hair which assure the animal with a perfect adhesive .
The larger editorial houses are working their way to the Internet , seen by many as the " murderer " of the paper newspaper .
Then , when I became a dancer , I was trying to take care of my way to pay .
As Héma-Quebec distributes each year between 400 and 500 000 blood products , it will take more than 24 years before strikes a case of transmission of HIV by a blood products .
But is it that the waistline brain is at the root of the sensations ?
It could be start the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
They were present at the promotion that the brand Mango made at its new headquarters in Paris but also at the presentation of the most important fashion prize from the sponsoring Spanish house .
For years , a mysterious phenomenon has left researchers puzzled : dark matter affects the speed of space probes during gravitationnel support manoeuvers .
The competent people of the Ministry said that bailouts can take place in the context of an auction , but also directly .
Well , this is nothing compared to what happened the day of racing .
It is sure that there are more than one who speaks during the night .
The sale price for export of the industrial sector , HUF , rose by 1.1 percent in August compared with the previous month , while it suffered a fall of 3.9 percent over 12 months .
When asked , both - the jets made 21 unquestionable points in the third time - Mangini said : " I can tell you that I appreciated the second time more than the third .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
" I am concerned that such a huge number of young people who frequently use portable music devices and mobile phones at full volume , can unconsciously damage their hearing irreparably " says Meglena Kuneva .
" We celebrated , a few weeks ago , the banking of our thousandth sample of umbilical cord blood and are expected to take more than a thousand per year .
This time , the decline is due to the fall of the Wall Street .
Women in the race , Irina Mikitenko , born in Kazakhstan , now German citizen , has completed a remarkable year with the seventh time of 2 : 19 : 19 .
If rumours are to be believed and we are indeed to soon witness the creation of a virtual operator , the Czech mobile market could be put in motion again .
The men continue to sneak on the pavements , with their trolleys and their shelves of muffins for morning meetings .
While virtually all mobile can read MP3 files , no MP3 player can make phone calls .
The Minister of State for road safety but also the Directorate General of the Road Safety Foundation and the technological Institute for Security of the car will participate in this initiative .
And it is , it is party to the party of beer .
Has the opposite of bees , the difference cannot move towards the top downwards or diagonal , it cannot be that of two dimensions , and only in the direction in which the way can turn .
The one who will take the place of George W will have a great work to do .
We need to review the existing control systems in the scientific opinion , so that they are fully effective and can follow the new technologies "
More , you will hear what he said , but you will not know what it is dreaming , suddenly made attention to the way in which you interpréterez information and the conclusions you draw from this .
Will it be a birthday party without genuine .
The price of the best telephones and better equipped , filled also an entry for headphones , no more than 15 000 .
The global economy is in a vacuum , just when the history of capitalism , one of the biggest changes .
Moreover , the rain accompanied the expectations of more than 40 minutes during which took place rebellion and assault of the stands .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently elsewhere .
Everyone spoke at once , stiffled laugha and asked a lot of questions - in this case , it was quite difficult to understand Japanese English .
In this respect , the music players ( especially the most rudimentary ) are much more efficient .
A few hours before I had asked the taxi driver in the street , if he was aware that the Spanish Princes were visiting the city to conclude their official trip .
Not only that is , but it is with us , " he insisted , like to make it clear that he solicited a national myth .
It is in October that will be taken the decision on the fate of the duo Huber-Beckstein toppled
Virgin boss Richard Branson , a group of consumers and the regulator Ofcom were all contrary to the purchase .
On the basis of an agreement between shareholders , some 90 % of the papers would be sold .
Then , are you thinking of becoming a mother ?
More specifically , the experience is as follows : An instrument issuing sparks and broadcasting the shock is set on the left hand of the experimental subject .
After 10 days in the hands of their captors , tourists kidnapped in Egypt will be released as the Italian Foreign Minister has confirmed .
It has two hundred of them recruited .
The silence of the night falls on the place of October .
In addition , his album Bat Out of Hell stayed nine years on the English charts , and sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
And to better understand the mangas and their culture , at some point of time I also began to learn Japanese .
Although this is an intermittent phenomenon , the tide is more predictable of the wind , solar , or waves , and therefore more reliable as a source of energy .
Too often the policy is frustrated by the management of the newspaper and emergencies that occur from time to time .
Could this accident be somehow related to the elections ?
Correspondents have pointed out that the terms of his release are contradictory because if we allow him to leave the country for medical reasons , they do not see why it could not remain free on his return in Bangladesh .
To operate in such a limited period of time , we should already have an agreement now . "
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ indicates the problems : " The law allows such speculation , however , the services of these companies are used as a percentage of customers negligible .
When the agreement was announced , a true not revolutionary .
In June - announced the mayor - we present the strategic plan based on the work done by the Commission for the future of Rome . "
The Attorney General , Ramsey Quaife said in court that friends had mentioned that Ms Randle , who was a good surfeuse and cyclist , seemed since 2006 " emotionally dead , " and " had lost all hope to life . "
Obama should be able to confirm its advance on Thursday with the proper provision expected of his colistier , Joseph Biden , in the first and only public debate with its rival , Sarah Palin .
To refer , indeed , " we need a sketch of strategic reference , or firm or stand still , to allow our city , to improve , which it has absolutely necessary , while thinking about its future now a spirit of unity , " .
" The issue was resolved .
He didn ' t even use the words " middle class " or " workers " . " The financial crisis clearly hands the advantage to Obama , who is regarded by the Americans as the most able to save the economy teetering on the brink .
Even the mobile the cheapest ( by former . The Vodafone 527 ) have generally a memory card slot in tradable ( the type M2 , microSD , and so on ) .
For many , the main advantage of mobile phones that play music is their prices .
The community has begun to hold a festival in honour of Hurston to demonstrate the catastrophic consequences that the motorway would have created .
The 19 participants of the excursion in the desert should already be on the way to Cairo .
Most mobiles and MP3 players will themselves create a media library classified according to the name of the artist , the title of the album , genre , or according to the user ' s criteria .
The causes of this rest for American Express in the weakness of the dollar , which has led to a ' decline in the desire to travel of American tourists ' .
The contamination is much higher on an average among the population of three groups : those who have suffered a blood transfusion before 1991 , consumers of drugs and tattooed people .
" We will keep a certain percentage of the territory , but we must give the Palestinians a similar percentage ( Israel ) , since otherwise , peace will not happen , " he added .
Isabelle Bayón plays the part of the Sevillan dancer Tórtola Valencia
To support their theories , the economists in the group of researchers followed this with an analysis of financial surveys .
" This is a cosmetic change , highlights Alexander Milinkevich , a former opposition candidate for the presidency in 2006 and leader of the pro-European movement , because the important thing is that the voice , and here is the executive .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
Cornelius is the brother of the entraineur in-chief of Hamburg Martin Jol .
It is not just the European Commission , but also the Federal Services Authority Surveillance of which has decided that only recently , made it clear to the government of the Land of Rhenanie North-Westphalia that the time was running out in the search for a solution future .
In the MDAX , the shares of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
But he played less often young people first that the marginal : Névrosés , alcoholics , swines or desperate , including its features perfect reflétèrent the excesses and the revolt .
Only 13 % of journalists are working under contract .
That is sincere civic affection that is meant in the voice of the nephew of Mr Franklin , Edwin Harvey , 18 , who plans to return to Eatonville after the college to work for the local government or for the forces of Police , who need additional forces .
" We are very careful about how to tell the story " said Hortense Jones , 59 , resident for always and the oldest paroissienne of the city .
Tomorrow , Congress of Deputies will vote an initiative of the Spanish Socialist Party , which proposes to install this system in school buses as has been done in France .
Model citizen , and above .
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
An honest man , in the widest sense of the term .
Of course , I want to become mother because my body demands it , and I want to become a young mother ; I do not want to lose it .
The implementation of various means stylistic breaks with the classic side of the image , with a touch of modernity , this reflects the perception of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco in Bauer : " A very traditional music with roots that is changing and surprises us every day . "
Augustus Franklin , 77 , rappela that Hurston was usual in the city without warning , on board a large Chevrolet , a cigarette in the mouth and was wearing trousers here , where even today , we are proud of traditional clothes .
" We need to break the vicious circle of poverty , segregation and the unemployed to give the opportunities provided by democracy to the Roma children , so that they can participate as citizens of right to the future of Europe , " demanded Járóka .
The individual arrested was accused of drug trafficking and carrying of false documents .
Linebacker , David Bowens left escape the ball because of Warner .
Having experienced in July , an increase of up to $ 145.29 the barrel , prices have dropped to nearly $ 90 a barrel this month , before picking up again at the prospect of the deep uncertainty of the financial markets .
Paul Newman , who died on Friday , aged 83 , of lung cancer in his ranch in Connecticut , remains one of the last icons of the golden years of American cinema .
The favour of Hispanic voters is a complicated business .
The compromise , born from the plan , is supported by both candidates for the presidency , Barack Obama and John McCain .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
Only the most expensive ones support 8 GB cards .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Repeated drunk-driving offenders will have to install an alcolock system
Not surprisingly , this fundamental difference is completely obscured by Mr Garver .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
I think about 500 people will have pneumonia tomorrow , and some people like myself , do not even figure in the classification with the exact time , because the chip that they gave me didn ' t record the start correctly .
But with the renewed noise of a partial nationalisation , the likelihood that approached certainty has now become a mere hope .
But their entry in parliament can mean of space on television , meetings in the regions and the draft laws . "
But also pool them into groups of conversation
The price the most prestigious fashion
He has put forward his ability to make the right decisions , and to restore America ' s image in the world .
But these measures are necessary , " he commented on American television .
People are less and less attention to the operational system but increasingly the Internet browser .
We have thus substantially reuduced the risk that some donors are infected without their own knowledge and that we cannot detect it .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
There is no risk of collision in the form of a mobile Internet trendy by chance , followed by a bill of transmission of data immense .
Has every time you want to hear something , you just have to get out of your pocket the mobile , when you have forgotten your MP3 player in the home .
" An overwhelming majority of young Roma have no qualifications of secondary , and as a result of a poor quality elementary education , only a tiny fraction has the opportunity to obtain a diploma . "
The fares of plane tickets and hotels is falling
Now is the time when morals no longer exists : one can now abuse , torture , arbitrarily detaining a Canadian citizen at the whim of a head of government who was a minority so far ( what will happen after 14 October ... ) .
A dancer sévillane will pay tribute to a dancer also sévillane .
This is not a mere of male body in cotton shirt , milling and without sleeves .
To 8.30 p.m. , the most important stock index côtait 10.579 the world with a fall of five percent .
The price of milk has increased to five pence per litre
WestLB would bring a " competence block " doubled by a durable productivity in such a case .
That ' s how the driver tests the validity of the registered voucher .
If tourists in Manhattan was far from the newsstand and giant TV screens of Times Square , they do not make that they are in the eye of the storm .
With an annual budget of $ 297 million , Héma-Quebec not only provides blood products , but also tissues , including bone grafts , heart valves , eyeballs and skin that are almost exclusively used for the severely burned .
It is enough to fill the device directly from the computer , through the USB connector .
Kubatov gave people , 15 bills in total , issued by companies such as Cash Investment , Delta Trió , Fa-Bani Jos , Jos Investment and Linaxtrade , for a value of 14,2 million HUF .
" This is not wasted money , said yesterday , the Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos .
There was no one in the polling stations .
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history .
The campaign by Mr Obama stresses that ' students African-American and Latin have less chance of diplômer white students . " This is true .
Things have a bizarre appearance and a completely new taste .
In October , November and December 2005 , the company issued several bills on the sale of computer equipment , for a total of about 18 million HUF .
I didn ' t walk the ramp to be a mannequin .
Has run a carving up WestLB which could take place , carving up here is obviously not liked .
The alcolock would prevent this because it is a trendy system on the vehicle which measure the rate of alcohol in the breath and prevents the car from starting if the driver does not blow into it before ; or when the rate of alcohol in the driver ' s breath is higher than the allowed threshold .
Lukasenko - his rivals : 110 - 0
The same applies to music for travelling , which is normally compressed , in short – MP3 music .
" We have been excluded electoral commission and our observers have not been able to participate in the count , " regretted Yuri Potemkin , the spokesman of the Union of the Democratic Forces , a heterogeneous reunification of twelve parties .
" As far as raw materials is concerned , our most pressing concerns is to understand how far the American virus will spread globally and in particular , in China . "
However , I do not think so .
From January to March , prices had risen by 11.9 percent in the second quarter , they have fallen by 23.6 percent .
Pablo Picasso assumed his role on the Côte d ' Azur , Leonardo Di Caprio wore one in Edward Zwick ' s ' Blood Diamond ' , as did Al Pacino in " The godfather ' of Francis Ford Coppola and is part of the holding of the Association of well-built gays .
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ said about this : " We are open to talks with potential virtual operators , especially in the field of shared infrastructure costs .
The start of the second half-time would be decisive with first two occasions signed Riahi and Temporale for Dannemarie , and immediately after the opening of the score for the Illhousiens by marshes , well positioned to use a ball rejected on a first attempt to Diebold ( 53rd is ) .
Now begins a new season of accountability and transparency .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
Grapefruit juice has already been heavily criticised for increasing the effects of certain drugs , antibiotics , anti arythmiques tranquillizers , anti staminales and neurological , upto toxic levels .
The Financial Services compensation Scheme confirmed to the BBC , that the 59 building societies are included in the list .
But almost all countries where appeared of virtual operators , the traditional operators were an attempt , sometimes more or less , to prevent their creation .
Things that can certainly be transported to a place to another of the land , but which are linked to definitively to a limited area , a territory .
Because WestLB , injured , is still strong pressure .
This new emphasis of the nation-crisis is in perfect harmony with the importance always major economic developments most recent of the economy tend to give a factor quite linked to this : The territoriality .
What chance that the politician relatively is used the word ' and glissait that the German banker would not be saved by the movements of crisis .
" The aim therefore , is to restore the assurance in safety to the worker – he added - so that the fate of those who have an accident , must not depend on the whims or large-heartedness of the legislator "
In a corner of the car park , the Latin American sing already alongside their flag , they have already celebrated last night .
They did you go there only to take the dossard ( first mistake , travel only for it ) and ( after a long queue ) surprise ! , there was that size would S for the jersey ( second mistake , because I need a size XL )
On Saturday evening , representatives of legislators met the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , in order to give a final form to the government fund .
Secondly : ' When the doors of the tent beer open , there is , squealing Marco in the morning .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will rise in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
And in the role of actress , when you wear the clothes that ' s the point at which you really step into the skin of the character .
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
'Push the limits of our last great northern border ' : This is the long-term ambition that Jean Charest presented with visual force while remaining in the guidelines , at the end of the General Council of the Liberal Party of Quebec , Lévis , yesterday .
They call the race perfect , but I think it was the worst race that I have ever participated in .
The Dax clearly slipped below the important psychological barrier of 6,000 points and quoted 5.839 points with a deficit of 3.7 percent .
The politician and his accomplices are accused of fraud , in the form of criminal organisation , permanently and regular , having led particularly important losses . Other charges have been used against them , for example , fraud and use of fraud .
During the shooting before the release , six hostage takers would have been killed .
The Hypo Real Estate needs about 50 billion euros annually of the global appropriations of Depfa as a means of short term refinancing .
Then develops on the skin and eye on the White from a visible jaunisse , the selles become clearer and the urine takes a colour more foncée . Cure can take two to three weeks .
Never they might think that in the offices in glass and nest of bee above their tète , bankers and hedge fund managers who monopolize New York , are the worst " working day at the office " since the fall of 1929 .
Obama is really rich : He believes he wins the highest office of a nation that account in all , two governors and five senators blacks ! "
Madrid in the race for the 2016 Olympic Games
The process must be held in a heartbeat .
" Scientifique- read this report we in the note- it appears that 5-10 % of those who , during a period of at least 5 years , listen to music at full volume using mobile music devices , for over an hour a day and a week , risk a permanent hearing loss capacity . "
The American physicist Stephen Adler of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton still believes unshaken that Einstein do not was wrong and is trying to explain the anomaly of the support gravitationnel with the help of the so-called black matters that astronomers have identified in the universe .
The Sudeten Germans wanted that Sˇumava National Park be a part of the US in 1945 .
The President of the second section of the criminal court in Rome , Carmelo Rinaudo , decided to reject the proceedings of the estate agent , Danilo Coppola , who had asked to leave his city , Grottaferrata , for a house in Rome .
In 1975 , the writer Alice Walker went on the grave anonymous Hurston and began to fight to revive its reputation .
In conclusion , don ' t worry , it is nothing bad , it is an episode that lasts only a few minutes .
At 26 years of age , Kohl is the fourth cyclist to test positive for Cera , EPO of the third generation , after the Italians Riccardo Riccò and Leonardo Piepoli , and German Stefan Schumacher , also of Gerolsteiner .
A newspaper of Mississippi , in the southern regions of the US , wrote an article : once in the voting booth , we know that the American patriot will give his vote .
In my view , similar are not enough to prove the experienced the same .
They agreed upon a ransom , " said the official .
None of the operators has a dominant position , none has therefore a corresponding increased responsibility for its behaviour on the market .
People that Naomi is a person central aim .
Although German Czechs should have foreseen the possibility of their expulsion from the Republic , very few actually accepted it as a real possibility .
A young hôtesse in the region of Plzenˇ , who worked for the company for two years , has died in the accident on the line of Naples .
This means that companies will have to find £ 81 million to settle the interests of the first year .
The Prince is smiling and dressed in sea blue , while the Princess , her hair floating in the wind , is dressed quite soberly and is not in her usual peep-toes ' ' ; perhaps they had warned her that a storm threatened .
30 September is the World Day of hepatitis , organised for the first time in 2004 by the bodies representing patients around the world .
A court spokesman said ' Thursday , 25 September in court of Ashford , Kent Police has asked for an application to prevent Paul Gadd to travel in France and Spain until 25 March .
Héma-Quebec celebrated yesterday the 10th anniversary of its founding , and its chairman , the Dre Francine Décary , had reason to rejoice , because Héma-Quebec has become one of the largest providers of blood safety and effectiveness of the world .
" The Italian exploitation has developed in an irrational way " observed Paolo Protti , chairman of the Anec , " it is useful to build new structures , but we need to ensure the survival of those that already exist , because when a hall closes in a city , its regular costumers are not necessarily all prepared to go to the multiplex .
Her lawyers have argued that she needed this bail to return to the country in order to prepare for elections in December
To place the blame on the CˇTÚ is a fairly common in communications , through which the ÚOHS is washing his hands of the matter .
But attention , because the Belgian brand does not only that the tank tops .
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
While we can hear many examples , such as the sweetheart which includes easily to view photos of the morning , taken by the circle of friends common , with which his friend infidel has spent the evening , or that of the company that has dismissed one of its employees , for the opinions sincere that he wrote on his blog about the top management , we can be on one thing : The end of privacy is totally to reconsider these days .
Anyone who is growing in God he feels less pain ?
Listen to the four new version of the national anthem .
His dancing was sensuelle and they told me that my way of dance was identical to its own , " she says .
The French film-maker Bertrand Tavernier considered him , not without humour , " as a living challenge to the " underplaying " judging by his supported benefits . "
It is not the dancing and singing itself , but the personality and the nature of the artist which captivates the public with his art .
Of fuel conductions soon be frozen , death cryogène the threat .
Walk on LES walls ? – " this material may be used as a temporary removed " adds Liming Dai .
Virtual operators the advantage of being able to focus on a target group much more concrete .
The Ertzaintza continues its investigation to stop the other suspect , who has managed to escape and to determine the origin of drugs seizure .
Of this school students are largely Hispanic , and low incomes .
The press cuttings German language of the territory
The federal government will have the opportunity to delay the procedures of foreclosures on housing tied to mortgages affected by this plan , and to set limits on the starting pay and allowances paid to executives of affected companies .
All lies with it , " he says .
And this time the old neighbours of Hurston see it as a saviour .
We were able to reduce this period to less than a week .
Also die with him the grey areas of this secret star , who was at once quiet , committed , allergic to the flashes of show business , the enigma which we will never quite fathom .
Moreover , Járóka has insisted that education , as a fundamental right of human beings , plays a key role in implementing the other fundamental rights .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
What is certain is that everything is really good .
According to the public prosecutor , money from subsidies , was spent for personal use , while the benefits were justified by false invoices .
The mistakes began with the withdrawal of jerseys , which forced you to come forward .
For me , it was clear that I had to travel there some day .
Sergei Lebedev , leader of the Commonwealth of Independent States , told the Russian news agency Ria Novosti : " People do not believe in words , but in deeds . " In this way , the absence of the opposition is proof of the maturity of the Belarussian voters .
The opposition has therefore entered the political game claiming that " we must begin a dialogue with the European Union .
Jean Charest has described this " vision " as being in keeping with the Liberal prime minister that preceded him .
To confirm the rising tension between Italy and immigrants , the NYT has also refers to episodes of intolerance of Milan , Parma , Rome , Ciampino and Castel Volturno .
What do these machines look like ?
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , the chairman of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , and the Republican representative to the negotiating table , Senator Judd Gregg , have announced the good news for a few minutes after midnight , yesterday , after a marathon negotiations in two days .
Transactions with the actions CˇEZ rose almost half the usual daily exchanges .
" I wanted to work with Pepa Gamboa and she asked me to interpret the Sevillian dancer Tórtola Valencia and I thought it incredible " .
The number of people who deliberately do not sign up on social networks so as not to be found is not insignificant . The services of Google online , including text search , image search , and reading of information , can be replaced by alternative versions , which are not linked to enormous servers which record our profile in not it ' s prettiest form .
And as everything is so well organised I never felt lost here , even if Tokyo is the largest city that I have ever seen . "
In its flights , each bee constitutes its own area with an oval shape , which in fact , is very similar to the hull - explained Kazuhhiro Doi , the director of the department for research and development and technological public relations of the brand , during the exposition .
According Andoh it is the intelligent instinct which is essential , not the treatment of data , and even less the capacity to store .
It has a right of reply .
According to the results , believers Catholics have been able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
These tissues are analysed , processed and frozen before being stored in Héma-Quebec which manages also the only public bank of umbilical cord blood in Quebec .
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
A signal to the Asian trade
And no
Of course , there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the CˇTÚ that telecommunications are , from the point of view of economic competition , a single market .
Hundreds of fans came to the inauguration of the festival two years later , and many came back in January , to commemorate it .
Short-term investors can still use what they have drawn a line to be a postponement of losses for the next few years on the next income tax capital stock market gains automatically taken .
" We have made two steps forward and one step back , but the most important thing is that the dialogue has been initiated between Belarus and the EU , " said Alexander Milinkevich to our newspaper .
The carrier must manage the safety of the stewards by internal regulations , " he says , and also think that from the point of view of the law , the problem is not resolved .
During his final league in Vienna , he spoke of " a European brotherhood " to avoid the rise of Islam .
Then the quarter back Brett Favre managed to make a pass to Laveranues Coles allowing him to make a 12 yards touchdown , precursor to an afternoon which saw their partnership taking a step forward .
How this will all be lumped together with the union of certain entities with the Deta-Bank remains to be seen .
Plan North will be " concerted , ordered and environmentally friendly , he promised .
In this respect , music players ( even the most rudimentary ones ) are much more efficient .
In an interview given to the ABC chain , McCain said : " We will all have difficulty in the stomach ( ... ) but doing nothing is not an option . "
A library single-issue ( of course ) ouvra Hurston in 2006 , on a wonderful Kennedy Boulevard , repavé .
The same service , in the same category of price , but with a capacity of memory ( up to 16 UK ) and a life of the accumulateur ( normally 3 p.m. , up to 35 p.m. ) , is guaranteed by an MP3 player produced by one of the trademarks mentioned above .
The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .
In the first round , half of this amount will be spent .
We do not have to go look too far to find examples .
It will be necessary from time to time , just to be sure , to make a second charge for work - this being the case even for more expensive devices .
Although the textual content of the letter , given the current knowledge of post-war history , seems somewhat naive , according to some survivors , it illustrates the expectations of the Sudeten Germans of the time .
They do not feel isolated as in the past .
On the other hand , no legal prescription prohibits carriers from offering services .
German domestic flights have even been halved according to the study .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation .
While Ryan lives only for divorce , Quaid has remarié and will soon be the father of twins .
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz .
Despite this , Iraq has been , for the most part , the weakness of Bush .
Life today is whether race , there is rarely the time to spend an hour to give blood , " laments Francine Décary .
Men were to be held until the kidnappers have found a road sure to flee .
MEDICAMENTS A risque- It is the Italian Agency of the medicine itself , which gave the new in a letter dated two years , alerting doctors and patients not to assess the drift in danger of this mix and to pay attention to what we drink , taking medication for example , the Diazépam or the methadone .
Heinz-Christian Strache , the head of the Freedom Party who won more than 18 percent of the votes , conducted his campaign against wearing headscarves and burkas , and has even expressed his opposition to alaha food .
If the US president doubted the opinion of Germans of Sˇumava National Park , he had but to organise , according to the authors of the letter , a vote in the region to establish whether its people wanted to be part of the US , or live under the management of the US .
No such agreement has been reached at the moment , because the supply of potential interest has presented a priori not enough interest in the traditional operators , " said in response to our question Kristián Chalupa of the External Relations Department of ÚOHS .
In April 2007 , her real father , Terrance Randle , found her dead in his apartment in Plymouth .
According to the most recent polls , highlighting the economic issues , Obama has once again managed to get a bit ahead . The advance of McCain , achieved with the appointment of Sarah Palin as running partner just after the Republican convention , has melted away .
The choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited , in most cases , to radio tubes .
He received a nice ovation . "
To operate in a limited period of time , we should have now an agreement . "
Witness information is available to the public , gleaned from CˇTÚ websites .
According to sources , on Wednesday at the earliest , the plan should supposedly be put to the vote in the Senate .
( Today there are 90 percent of blacks )
" It is an initiative that I am very fond of " observed Giuseppe Tornatore , " and I hope that other cities will follow the example of Bologna by putting other measures in place .
The ministerial officer of the Cabinet Office , which had forgotten the top secret documents , in June on a train , will be condemned by the Official secret Act , has managed to the BBC .
Obama has said that it was the future .
Charest put North
The buses belong to Marco , who wears a long overcoat lined with fake fur and large silver rimmed spectacles .
The law ignores the steward
During the shooting before the release , six kidnappers would have been killed .
According to its index , the Taiwan lost 3.6 percent .
Abuse of a step-father- " which led to suicide "
Asked on another channel whether he would vote for the proposed plan , his Republican opponent , John McCain , said : " I would like to see the details , but I hope so . "
When Marco ' s group finally arrives at the parking lot near the place Thérèse in the morning at 6h30 as scheduled , almost 50 other bus from all across Europe are already here .
No one was afraid to go to ridicule or to exaggerate .
The General Council of the end of the week has provided the Liberal leader a platform with the resolutions nationalists , including ' constitutional ' aspirations which have gone as a letter to the post : The PLQ calls in particular the recognition " specificity of Quebec " in the Constitution .
The main cause is that according to estimates , only one in ten patients receives medical treatment .
As Kristián Chalupa adds : ' Abroad , where the virtual operators are normally present , we can see that they enter the market has contributed to a fall in the prices of mobile telephone services . "
People behave similarly , which is why some scientists deduce a subjective comparable .
The Czech market is in comparison with other very specific .
Even if it is the year of the election of a black president , Senator Barack Obama , who has also cited an open dialogue on the issue of race , many here remain cautious of the gaze of the foreigner .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .
He left his five girls a letter containing these words : " Always and until the end , your father was incredibly grateful for his fate .
Success is not so sure .
The Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , chief negotiator , said that lawmakers agreed on the responsibility of the financial programme , the protection of helping against losses , the agreement of relief , the conduct of the plan on the axis of time .
In Bari one must pay 250 / EUR 350 for a bed , and at least 350 for a simple room .
The judge Christopher Elwen said to Trerise : " You are truly bizarre as a fetishist , your victim must have been terrified of you , especially at the age of 7 years .
American prosecutors are investigating and following the judicial forums for the governement .
The 26 year old Austrian was placed 3rd on the podium behind the Spaniard Carlos Sastre and the American Cadel Evans , as well as winning the jersey for the best climber .
That could well make Zuschlag & amp ; United in their factory in bills ?
Whoever speaks of territory , state government policy , inevitably speaks of Politics , and therefore Leadership .
The psychology of one-upmanship : Why are spending more money ?
The biological clock does not scare me .
Although the legislature composed of 110 people in this country of 10 million is happening very much opposition for many decades before the elections yesterday , the opposition between its forces under the name of Forces Démocratiques Nations ( ODSZ ) was seriously that Lukashenko , renewing his term as President for the fourth time in dubious elections , in the footsteps of the amendments to the constitution in 2006 , " would " this time the presence of a few Members of the opposition in parliament .
The afternoon Alejandro Talavante concluded on two banderilles planted on the back of the bull and listen cut that the terraces discovered applauded more than his fight in itself with the bull .
Despite this , Iraq has been , for the most part , the weakness of Bush .
, the appeal of Michele Carruba , director of the Department of pharmaceuticals of the public University of Milan : " These findings are generally , immediately reported to the various national and international agencies of medicines to the need to change the notes informative of medicines .
- oh , well , we cannot go to the airport for customers to this time ... Were you by or … ?
While the third group has received these $ 15 before the auction , but the members of the group also lose money if they lose the auction .
If Barrick Gold really wanted a transparent and public debate it could do so in accordance with the scientific standards used by the authors of Black Canada .
German domestic flights have even been halved according to the study .
In the first half of 2008 , flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .
Nothing however came out of this ternary display .
Here is the least condemning view of this act , without any insinuation of criminal intent .
The choice of mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
But the opposite must not be ruled out .
A rat short agilement at the bottom of the alleyway near a door that was once the CBGB , and which has now become the seat of a clothing store are .
Indeed , they will buy their coupon by Internet and will be on the cards Opencard in one of the thirteen Meˇstská knihovna ( municipal libraries ) .
In cases where the somniloquie is very common , it would be good to see the child and consult a specialist , to see if there is a problem which causes a lot of anxiety and in order to obtain an explanation for this problem .
" There is no clear legal interpretation of the role of steward - no legal prescription deals with this role .
On the press , moreover , the Prime Minister has refused to rule out that it would unleash the elections this autumn , although he noted that it was very busy .
Many actors in " Sangre de Mayo " practise in front of the camera , as Miguel Rellán , Carlos Larrañaga or Fernando Guillén Cuervo .
We could see this as the short term , but I prefer to move forward rather than constantly beaten me against a wall .
Of course , if they were asking me to mention a perfect example of race , I would certainly not to the idea .
She asked if it is here to visit someone and it said that it will respond in a few moments .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
But the Department of Preservation and Development of the city that manages the street , has no interest in maintaining it .
The song , written by Jim Steinman , has required a great voice like Meat loaf .
We remember always Hurston as a person and eccentric , which was frequently after his family has moved to Jacksonville , Fla .
However , it became clear that there was room for such operators and that they could have a real success .
Jörg Haider , the President of BZÖ , is again open to all proposals .
Well , almost all journalists are pessimistic about their future .
Krugman , 55 , is a neo-Keynesian who teaches at the University of Princeton and it is also a famous writer of the New York Times .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe .
A change in the law ?
They have withdrawn their money from savings accounts in so-called thrifts ( such a building society ) , associations of credit , and the type of savings banks and their local subsidiaries which function only in a state , and who claim to treat customers as their families .
Some companies are working to bring some functions of OpenOffice on the Web ( the Cloud , on the cloud ) , and in the next few weeks , they should make the final outcome .
In the sectors of production of consumer goods , it was measured inflation of 6.8 percent , while the initiators of profit , a reduction of 1.4 percent .
" The Ministry of Transport do not consider the activity of the stewards as something that would fundamentally endanger the safety of passengers , " concludes the spokesman Hanzelka , by saying that the control of security coaches is under the power of the police and the office for safety at work .
Listen to the four new version of the national anthem .
We are checking their state of health , " said Frattini .
She asked me to go up for a cause if noble , but if it had asked to make the poirier , I would have done anyway .
In the two games , participants could earn money , but during the auction of which an essential element is outbidding others by a third , all the activity was in the brainstem , called the striatum , and reacted in an intense way at the loss of the game .
The law on road transport is only concerned with terms of the recipient of a vehicle ; it does not define his rights and duties , " adds the spokesman Hanzelka with more ambiguity .
On the drinks dispenser , a poster advertising their request to use their own research tool , " Your research . Our future " .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
In this way , the ODSZ has abandoned its is boycotting originally planned .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
Especially personal stories that will attack the emotions .
But it is also important if you have always on you of headphones or a handsfree with connection .
Portraits of which , thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment , given the photograph classic .
This is the second weekend of the party of beer , known as the ' weekend of Italy .
Of course , the comparison nervous help : Rats and Hommes have similar , the brain troncs cafards by against do not have a brain .
The police have pursued and have arrested one of the other two occupants , a man of 28 years , identified as A. A. J. , according to the information disclosed by the Department of the Interior of the Basque Government .
Only Monday , financial weakened institutions have received more than 100 billion - recalled the Viennese newspaper , Der Standard , which fears that European taxpayers also will have to delve into their pockets , very deep , in a similar way to the US in order to resolve the crisis .
You never know what pathogenic will emerge in the system .
Less monumental that Brando , in which it was like and he was long a kind of rival on the screen , more cautious in its stake , certainly more fragile , but apostle also freedom and the collapse of dramatic conventions .
The internationalization policy seems really out of the game or , had little to say : The evidence is provided by the European Union , which shared as usual , between the various interests and between the various national strategies , is to decide no common policy .
While those who have caused damage much more important , and the authors of economic crimes not repairable , roam freely or at least expect to their own home the end of the procedure . He has not that possibility .
The umbilical cord who was once considered a biomedical waste is full of a rich blood stem cells that can be used to treat serious diseases , such as leukaemia .
Elena attack by Luca , then the embraces .
The North , 70 % of the territory of Quebec , includes a portion of Labrador that the Quebec has always claimed , said the prime minister at the press conference .
Eric Schmidt said , recently , to the Financial Times that the main ambition of Google was to gather more information about its users . This is necessary for the founders of Google to respect their original purpose which reads as follows : " Set out in a system all the information in the world ! " .
Has Rome , in areas close to the central universities ( San Lorenzo , Piazza Bologna ) , around 600 euros for a simple , 450 for a bed in a double .
It is not entirely clear to all Internet users that the words used in searches on the Internet , the IP address of the computer which calls the search and the pages consulted are all listed .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
The Dow Jones at 10.809,25 points lost 334 points , or 3.3 percent within the first hour of opening .
But before the course begins , it was for me to appear .
The European tourists kidnapped in the Sahara are visibly free .
Since 1946 , the SPD has reached its worst results with 18.6 percent in Bavaria .
To support the sector , it should be between 16 and 18 million per year .
Useful advice
" The government considers UEFA ' s decision at Bordeaux as a sign of confidence in Ukraine and its ability to host , in collaboration with Poland , the European Championship , " announced Wasjunik .
In front , they made a block in the centre of the ground leaving just Riahi at the forefront of the attack .
Here , too , there are factors to consider on the basis of price and quality .
" I didn ' t go out of my area " Favre said about all his passes to Coles .
We are facing a government that is the only , of all the Western countries involved , not to have brought back its national trapped in the concentration camp at Guantánamo .
After an emergency meeting , the three Benelux countries have announced the partial nationalisation of the banking group Fortis for 11.2 billion euros ( 16,3 billion USD ) .
If Barrick Gold really wanted a public debate , it is to the public that she should have presented her vision of the facts .
Addition to Chevron , Verdant Power Inc . In New York and Ocean Power of New Jersey , who travel the road of energy from the sea , and the sums invested until today , although their details are known , indicate that the observers , a growing interest .
On trade terms , the stock exchange of Prague fell
The cheapest normally cost less than three thousand .
At the moment , it is accessible for nearly a hundred thousand people , owners of the smart card Opencard .
Prices have fallen by more than $ 20 a barrel since last Monday .
In the whole of the processing industry , prices have risen by 10.2 percent during the past year .
After the creation of the Tchécoslaovaquie in 1918 , the first breath became a natural part of the national anthem .
Action road safety the most expensive in history .
The incident took place when various officials of the Unit of the Traffic control of Alava were making vehicle checks on the N-1 , on the border of the Community of Armiñón .
To combat these differences , the education programme of Mr Obama supports especially among many issues , " transitional bilingual education " for those who learn English .
A witness has a view to make strange games in trying to break his garage in Montecito , according to a spokesman for the police patrol of California unveiled to People magazine .
After a first attempt by the captain visitor Kauffmann which frôlait the lucarne on an unrelenting far , Illhaeusern slightly would take precedence and in turn Fonderflick far , then with Hirn above , Roman the end of the foot or Diebold tickle had the defence of Dannemarie .
Paul Rees , chief editor of Q magazine , said : " There are songs that transcend things like time and genre , and Bat Out of hell is one of them
" Of course , we have a lot of concern for this : We have to give our newspapers opponents in Russia , local authorities are putting a spanner in the works for the dissemination , but I can see that they are increasingly willing to support the elections , even in the circle of elderly people , " said Milinkevich , referring to the fact that in the current regime of Lukashenko , which considers social security as its main result , the most sustained layer of pensioners officially really no longer regard it as appropriate .
He was reproché- especially in Kenya , the rival is Africa Ethiopie- to have too orchestrate its shopping , avoiding the global star of the marathon , relying on the hares as if they were in a competition of runway , and the more world records that the direction of the competition .
Elena attack by Luca , then the embraces .
If the against studies confirm the positivité the Cera , the Austrian will lose its third place in the Tower and will always expect two years of disposal .
Because he is projeta a whole country enamored of the self-made man , the Pacific War , wounded in battle , which in the early 1950s étudia dramatic art at Yale then fréquenta Actor ' if the Studio of New York , before triumph of the theatre , cinema , television soon .
Sudanese the kidnappers had demanded a ransom of several million .
In the choice of a device , look especially for battery life , memory capacity , quality and output of sound , and of course , the user interface .
" As liberals who preceded us , we thought of different ways to transform the challenges into new opportunities for growth and development . "
Despite this , Iraq has been , for the most part , the weakness of Bush .
Particularisés mobile telephone services are offered for example by Amway , Bohemia Telecom , Starlife and others .
The assets which AIG plans to break understand its subsidiary of air leasing International lease Financial Corp. , its participation of 59 % in the reinsurer Transatlantic Holdings and its property portfolio and its investment in the private equity , it said .
But what great athlete of substance .
Adrian Coles , Director-General of the commercial committee of building societies , told the BBC that this decision was unfair .
The Bradford and Bringley would be the second bank , after the Northern Rock , the British Government should nationalize since the beginning of this financial crisis .
The Gallup Institute , which published an opinion poll on Saturday to give an advance of five points to Obama ( 49 % to 44 % to McCain ) , believes that it is the Democrat who held his own .
Thus , the future is perhaps promising .
In smaller cities , prices are lower , but they have a major importance in the economy .
An estimated 100 miles patients infected with hepatitis in Hungary , but only seven miles are following treatment . This is the fact that often patients do not know that they are infected .
Remind yourslef that they are harmless for the child and that the next day it will remember nothing of what happened .
Inés Sastre has not been for the visit of dependence of the palace , but it has shown us before on his mobile phone photos of her son .
56 % of directors at national level , are convinced that reporters shares their values , while at the local level , this percentage drops to 23 % .
They will have to give up their current relations with Iran ; they will have to give up their relationship with Hezbollah ( Shiite movement ) ; they will have to abandon the constant supports they give to terrorism of Hamas ( Shiite movement ) , Al-Kaïda ( terrorist network ) , as well as to Jihad ( holy war ) in Iraq , " said the Prime Minister .
Not only .
The trend has been marked especially in Paris and Rome , where passengers were paid to 30 to 37 percent less than a year earlier .
The initiative was already announced last June and it now appears in the report by the Minister of State in which this initiative is seen as a pilot project that will last a year .
Retirement from the Golan Heights
" McCain has still not understood , while Obama , though , " said , this weekend , a Republican to Democrat spot for not having grasped the impact of the crisis on the " American in the street .
The German Embassy in Cairo refused to make any comment on this story .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague réctifia its losses .
Locklear has been arrested is suspected of having led by the effect of a substance that has not been specified and has been imprisoned at 19.00 hours and released a few hours later .
The North contains " nickel , zinc , copper , platinum , gold , silver , iron , titanium , and even diamonds " , according Mr Charest ' s list .
" But why should I eat a hamburger out of the home , if I am a beef in my fridge ? " , he used to joke .
Gyo ˝ zo ˝ Farkas the manager of society , said the site hvg.hu that when the public prosecutor has convened and he has shown the bills , it has been able , immediately , it was false documents .
Energy is sent to the side through the cables under sailors .
Has few exceptions , the street has always the same pace .
Glitter , or his real name Paul Gadd , was not present at the hearing the court of jurisdiction limited of Ashford , but was represented by his lawyer Corker Binning .
For Elena , this is the first time , for Luca already the third or fourth time .
It has thus been indirectly confirmed that operators in the Czech Republic , in any case , did not support the idea .
It is 5-10 % of users of these devices , and their numbers can be quantified around 2.5 and 10 million people in the EU
Sylvana already know that word thanks to Mangas - in her new exchanges Log , she speaks of Japan .
The whip is the threat of fines or an accident .
However , I do not think so .
" I photograph the master outside the scene to capture the elements of his character " Günther Bauer - photographer
And Lyn , the uniformed doorman of my building , has changed the subject of our usual conversation about Brad and Angelina or commercial shipments of my fruit and vegetables .
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
" If I was reasonable , I would not , but I will do so and I hope the end , " – t he concluded in his speech at the festival of exchange of ideas and thoughts which saw for four days in the town of the aqueduct a hundred writers , historians and journalists and thousands of people .
But even if the conscience should not depend on the language , it surely the influence , so that the animal conscience , whatever the way it is produced , différencierait probably a lot of most of our Member of conscience .
In short , the need for leadership , feeds from below , a powerful and more ramified delegitimization movement of the ruling classes and traditional political orders , in the " electoral uprisings " improvised or , in the changes of collective mood of recent just days , from the conservative rise in Austrian Bavaria , in the fall of Labour in Britain , the US Congressmen ' s rebellion against Bush ( and it may well be that the victory of the Right in Italy is not by chance ) .
In short , the global economic crisis appears but politically , it is almost that here .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Regardless of the outcome of the trial , the authors and the editor of the Book black Canada will have to spend considerable sums to prepare their defence and weapons to fight , very unequal , against an army of lawyers supported by the pockets almost without substance of the mining .
According to unofficial information , it seems that perhaps we could have the first virtual operator already by the end of the year .
" At the beginning you think you work for posterity , then you realise you work for prosperity , and now you are happy to make a film in addition , " explains Garci after more than 30 years of professional career .
While sceptics draw a parallel with Orwell ' s vision of horror , they do not see the essence of the Web 2.0 .
Now , the leaders of the CSU are putting all their energy to stabilize Beckstein , one way or another .
The Austrian Socialists the SPÖ want to discuss with the Conservatives of the ÖVP .
The Germans are constantly in the sights of kidnappers .
In 2007 , a strong laryngite has forced to cancel concerts .
As we know , Kubatov acknowledged during the investigation that it has issued bills to the order of business Atlasz , Hoppá and Együtt has Harmadik Évezredért Alapítvány , and he has pocketed their counter-value .
With the show of strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted Monday the access of several ports in Brittany and Normandy , the President of the Republic has decided to go on Tuesday morning at the port of Guilvinec , in the Finisterre , to meet their representatives .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
If a rat or a cockroach flees from danger , does that mean that it also feels fear ?
At the door of the hotel where they will stay , one of the four major hotels of the city , a funny journalist fro Mexican television awaits them .
Some experts fear that the theory of general relativity Albert Einstein , which describes the power of attraction of the area because of the curvature of the area , may not be entirely correct .
Promoter of a small group in Congress known as " the caucus of doubters , " the Democratic representative Brad Sherman present things differently , but come to the same conclusion .
The ' safe ' work at the level staff ( our editors , ndr ) in America is still on the agenda .
I believe that the animals have of the sensations and other states of conscience without me or anyone else has until now been able to prove just as we cannot prove that the other human beings have a conscience .
Vietnam , this nation has lost 50 miles soldiers and was sent back home to the fesses .
A voluntary groups was playing the lottery , while the other group took part in an auction playful , while with the help of a process of functional magnetic resonance ( FMRI ) , the researchers studied the brain areas assets trial subjects .
In a nation huge as the US , with 300 million inhabitants and thousands of journalists , reviewed , radio , TV and the Internet , employers often provide what they want , and it is fast becoming a matter of take it or leave it .
The new version of the $ 700 billion plan to curb the financial crisis affecting Wall Street for months was yet to be approved by both chambers of Congress .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best " .
In New York , Wall Street opened with marked losses .
Rescue operation of Wall Street - Democrats and Republicans are
Because what the financing of classic state was not sufficiently profitable , the Depfa then committed more closely in the infrastructure projects and in the funding of projects in common among private investors and State ( Privat-Public-Partnership , PPP ) and diverse internationally .
The actress Heather Locklear , the famous Amanda of the series TV Melrose Place , was arrested this weekend in Santa Bárbara ( California ) for having conducted under the effect of a drug .
For nearly 18 years , the space shuttle " Ulysses " has been flying in space .
And the inhabitants of the territory , the First United and the Inuits ?
Colossus to the attack .
Despite everything , nothing has changed .
In April 2007 , the Office of Fair Trading has told that the purchase by BSkyB , shares in ITV sowed doubt on the effective independence of ITV , encouraging by a result , the Competition Commission to investigate
Paulson : The plan must be effective
It stresses that his schedule is fulfilled , including a mission of the board of the federation in China and a summit Quebec-New York .
However , I do not think so .
The money comes as many private banks that banks .
Things never revealed until now , so much so that the success of the black candidate seems almost certain .
But if there is in your shelves of records vinyles crowded , with the art rock , jazz and blues music , some hope at least likely to such a gramophone .
Six in ten senior executives of printing newspapers and journalists are convinced that journalism at national level is pursuing a bad way .
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
It is true , I look forward to their release .
The times jostling through its path .
Last month , Gebrselassie missed the Beijing Olympic marathon , fearing - as can seem exaggerated to people today - that air pollution would increase his problems of asthma .
And yes , the dream of many of us is that Madrid to hold the Olympic Games , after the failure in 2012 , this could be achieved by 2016 .
Such thoughts geo-strategic does , however , that one of the sides .
Although it is in favour immigrants learn English , Mr Obama has recently seen this issue as insignificant , when he proclaimed that we all need to stop disagree about the wording of the laws in English .
Anyway , despite all these arguments , the winning card for the democrats is George Bush .
We have already seen this kind of attitude in several similar cases .
The movement has spread to other ports of the Atlantic coastline and the Channel , as the sands of Olonne , in the Vendée , where fish were idle , or at Le Havre , where two dozen vessels have blocked ship movements of trade .
It is the day of the dissemination of OpenOffice.org.3.0 , the open source of personal productivity which aims to reach always and even more users , the home office , professionals in the public administration , proposing a free alternative to the most famous Microsoft Office .
In the same way , the Ministry of Culture of Andalusia has bought eight hundred copies of " Journal of a poet recently married , " published by Pedro Tabernero and illustrated by Jacobo Pérez-Enciso , to perpetuate the work of one of the most famous Andalusian poets .
Under the law , the secretariat the Treasury will put in place a combined strategy : It can , at the same time , buy bad debts , securities on mortgages and bad mortgages and other types of debt " toxic " .
Germans of Cˇesky ´ Krumlov pray in the letter , the US president not to allow " sˇumavská zˇupa " ( region of forest in Southern Bohemia ) - annexed by Hitler under the Munich Agreement - to be made in Czechoslovakia .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
" We know how to take a step back , " said Marcell Jansen .
On Monday , investors are worried again despite the agreement on the rescue plan , the largest in history , reached over this weekend by the leaders of Congress .
Signs pointing out the danger to drivers are , according to him , already less effective .
The Brazilian aircraft manufacturer table on 215 had left this year despite the threat of recession that loom over the global economy .
No resistance on the part of employees has been recorded , ensures the Secretary-General : " It is a process shared by employees , and we had the cooperation of all " .
The Prime Minister does not exclude the possibility of triggering the elections before the end of the year
According to the testimony of the latter , it was to identify pensions and restaurants .
The English call him tank but the awesome Marcel of Brussels stands out among all the other .
In fact , none of these companies worked , what the accused explained by the fact that they did not receive work .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
The hopes of the people of Düsseldorf rest on Frankfurt .
Other admirers including neighbours long ago , said be happy with this shortened simply because there is one of the last and oldest pâté streets of the houses .
The Chinese authorities refused him entry in their territory , and he was therefore forced to return to Bangkok , where the Thai police and immigration officers insisted that he go back to England .
The difference between these two groups was in fact that the emphasis was laid in one on victory , while in the other , on failure .
Try not to arouse the child before to go to sleep .
This ' territory twice great as France ' , ' home is in Quebec .
Are ever to the child that you can ask for the night to know his secret .
According to the capacity ( Max . 2 UK ) , you should not spend more than 1 100 kronor .
Those of Boulogne-sur-Mer have decided to wait for the meeting on Wednesday at the Ministry to decide on eventual actions .
The suspect in the double homicide of Ózd , a young man about 23-year-old , was remanded in custody , on Sunday .
The detainee , A. A. J. of 28 years , has been in custody for achieving the various steps and will be judged in the next few hours .
The Court of Appeal Competition ordered to BSkyB to reduce its share of ITV 17.9 % less than 7.5 % .
" Without these , she would probably now have been a young woman , happy , promising , and successful . "
His message was made , it was out of his lips so persuasive .
American prosecutors investigate and continuing the courts for the government .
This malfrat appealing in the scam brillantissime The Sting ( L ) , Oscar for best film in 1973 .
Barely had the plans been made public that the government of the Hessen proclaimed itself against any participation with the Hellaba in these matters .
But Barrick Gold seems not to trust the public and rejected out of hand the petitions and letters of support for the authors of black Canada .
" Then , a gang of young whites were launch oranges or objects against people sitting on the side " said Mr Franklin .
A way to characterise the media campaign emotional the intention of launching , on Wednesday , the Ministry of Transport .
Sheikh Hasina as Zhaleda Zia , deny the accusations that they get .
However , as shown by the example of Mobilking in Poland , investing in an unusual target group can also be a good advertisment stunt .
" What works with drivers is the system of sugar and the whip .
Among the most affected by the closure , Emily Romaine is at the top with 82 cinemas single halls lost , followed by the Tuscany ( 44 ) and Lombardy ( 41 ) .
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz .
Monday , the US House of Representatives rejected the draft for support of the financial system , for which it would have had to spend up to $ 700 billion ( nearly 12 bilions of Kcˇ ) .
But he said he do not feel well , and refused to go to London .
Public officials of Orange County wanted to build a motorway to five ways to the town to replace the Boulevard Kennedy , main street in two ways of the community .
People of Jersey have to pay more for their milk
The attitude of mobile operators is easily understandable : the entry of another operator would mean an increase of competition , which would lead to lower prices and thus reduced benefits .
Elena , Luca and others come together , Marco makes a last speech and explains the plan of attack .
It occupies the same function that your wife or your husband when you have to say something to your mother-in-law .
But precisely that have spoken , in developed countries , regulators , who defended not the interests of the mobile operators , but those of their clients .
" If we wanted to respect the law strictly formal and the activity of a steward is against the law on the road , " said the spokesman for the Ministry of Transport Karel Hanzelka .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
Then , when I became a dancer , I was trying to take care of my way to pay .
It is annoying to see that the institutions that have had a prudent behavior … must now pay some of the bills of institutions that were much less cautious .
In the MDAX , the shares of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
From Kristoffer Klein . Enlarge . Hard landing for international player Marko Marin .
Yes and no .
On demand , the CD of installation can be shipped at home or at work .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
Defeat the laws of gravity thanks to a super glue and , in the future , walk on the walls as Spiderman .
New Yorkers in general have become very familiar to the world of finance in recent weeks .
I was already afraid on my way to school .
The search for the essential and the magic has been the constant of this work that is presented these days to the gallery El Fotómata .
During the investigation , it was revealed that the 23-year-old man was a lot of money to a man of 53 years .
" However , it has not led to any conclusion on this point .
The talks had turned into a sprint in the last few hours for fear of the effects that another failure would have on investors ' sentiments .
What is most shocking is the almost concordant view of the three mobile operators , which stems from their reactions .
Monica Cruz , who presented herself at the event with a pair of trousers and a shirt — from her own collection , – and for the dinner metamorphosed by wearing a long sexy black dress , and was moved when during the night visit to the opera , accompanied by Goya Toledo , they showed us the practise room for ballet and remembering the good old days , she took a bar and did a full split .
" Eatonville , first black city to integrate fully , childhood home of Zora Neale Hurston , this description that she made in 1935 , is not so easy to make these days . " The city of five lakes , three croquet fields , 300 dark skins , 300 good swimmers , full of guavas , two schools and no prison .
The next morning , we have had the pleasure of seeing Olivier Martínez – another big man who drives a motorbike - and John Travolta , who arrived at the intercontinental Hotel in Paris , with his own sheets and towels and asked in advance , that there should be no smell in his bedroom .
For the moment , Microsoft is more interested in the launch of its own online services to become an alternative to Google .
Despite these changes , the main idea of the programme , which was to obtain finance to buy bad mortgage securities , whose value had fallen because hundreds of thousands of Americans were unable to pay their mortgages , was maintained .
On Wednesday 1 October 2008 will be included in the history of Prazˇsky ´ Dopravní podnik ( the Agency pragoise transport ) as the date on which will rise in the metro , the trams and buses the first passenger , who , instead of having a ticket on paper , will have in their pocket a coupon electronic .
On the value of society-daughter , the Hypo Real Estate must proceed with amortization which should have on the calculation of the gains and losses of the a vital equipment which is still unclear .
It is a central point but also an example of rural southern black culture - a sometimes scorned , at others acclaimed - reminiscent of the birth of slavery .
This face through the ages , it was him .
However , I do not think so .
Two former ministers from two different parties , Pierre Corbeil and Michel Létourneau ( former Member péquiste of Ungava ) , have already begun consultations with thirty communities .
According to an internal rules of society , the new services are not announced that when they can be used , which is about is that in the coming months and years , they are going to move the world on new points . While some believe that the draft scan and filing of books and magazines dimensions of Google is so important that the company will soon face the Supreme Court of the United States , other tremble before its system Health , because in it , we can build a comprehensive medical benefit from our results of previous studies , our doctors and our problems .
Indeed , each of them explained the phenomena found at auctions by the pleasure of winning and the parade before the risk .
Barack Obama ' s proposals on education is an interesting example .
Even after the accident , the director do not consider their job as a job at risk .
It is up to the vocabulary crucial to the survival of Japanese ados and means " beautiful , cabbage " .
Bilingual Debate : Immersion into the English Language
We have said that this is a benign alteration , that is why there is no treatment , unless it is linked to a alteration of sleep that can be treated ( for example , if it is linked to a sleep disorder or stress ) .
The choice of operators is unfortunately miserable and is limited , in most cases , to radio tubes .
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague
The multinational trade and tourism agency has also indicated that the shares will not be sold to Thomas Cook .
Instead of a new Pearl Harbour , as the billionaire Warren Buffett , it is more appropriate to speak of a second 11 September .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred to the gates of the community .
According to the statistics , between 30 % and 75 % of drivers arrested for drunken driving more than once , go back to the wheel .
American legislators made a turning point in the talks on the adoption of a rescue plan in the form of financial aid of 700 billion dollars ( about 12 billion kroner ) , given to the US financial system .
I live in Rome for 25 years , and when I turn to the Rialto , or Quirinal of Via Nazionale , now closed , where I have both lived emotions shared , I turn to the other side not to see the banners noircis by the dust .
Kinga Göncz thinks there is a good chance that on 12 January , the Hungarian-US visa waiver will be put into effect , which is what the foreign minister said in Chicago , in front of the leaders of the Hungarian community .
The choice is wide .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will rise in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
The driver of the coach tried to avoid it by swerving hard , but still grazed the right side of the lorry .
In all cases , progress poignent on the plan nervous as they weigh the same thing in rats and Man .
Haider is prepared to govern Austria , to prevent the coalition of red and black .
The Republican senator said that in the proposal are mentioned the creation of a committee of control of the Treasury and the cap of redundancy payments to senior managers , and that he was personally very attached to these points .
" The principle of the glue can be imagined as a series of tubes prepared as a pile of spaghetti . " Explains Zhong Lin Wang of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta .
The manettes also for Gioacchino Piromalli , the former mediator between the clan and public administrations , and his small sons lawyer , namesake of the boss , already condemned for a criminal association of mafia-style , and to pay 10 million .
This will allow children to have a more peaceful sleep .
This is not why the American people have voted for us , this does not protect the taxpayer dollars - said the Republican Deputy of California , Darrell Issa .
For some , it is linked to a " safe job " .
A fight taken to extremes : MP3 players versus mobile phones .
The Czech market is very specific in comparison with others .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
It was a group of elected Republicans that wrecked the first draft agreement last week .
According to the prime minister , it will be necessary to find a solution to the Temple Mount , the sacred sites and historical ' located within the old city .
Given the nature of the mobile market in RT , it is clear that the entry of a new competitor would submit itself , and especially its services , to high demands . "
The publication of " Journal of a poet recently married " concludes the Triennat
Free speech opinion Orwellian of Barrick Gold
In a comparison of 12 months , taking into account the domestic sales of processing sectors , it is the price of oil processing sector which have been rising the most significant ( 32.4 percent ) .
This campaign costing 150 million will appear on television , radio , cinema , on the Internet , but also on leaflets .
This is what have communicated together the Egyptian state television , the Arab television channel Al Arabija and the Italian media .
The new Czech anthem four new versions .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
Even the new legislation sought by the Lega to curb immigration and facilitate the expulsion of illegal immigrants , is cited as evidence of climate change in Italy .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .
It is , however , a fact confirmed that the terms sought are not only made , but in justified cases , they are sent to a third , and in this type of case law , nothing protects the personal rights of Internet users .
The majority of invoices was created by István Lados and his accomplice András O ˝ ri , who , according to our information , was involved in drafting the files needed to obtain subsidies .
The chairman of the committee Executive Board of HRE Mr Funke explained that the group Hypo Real Estate should not have to resort to financial markets in the medium term .
Two years thence and still no candidates among these enterprises , which have boasted replacing traditional energy with marine energy .
However , I do not think so .
" By their nationality of the European Union , the Roma must be assured of their right to quality education , and be protected from a low-quality and sectarian education , " said Lívia Járóka .
Non-residents , such as Rachelle Munson , a lawyer who frequents our church since 1993 , have begun to come in large numbers , and residents are beginning to reconsider the past .
" Chevron is currently studying the technology on oceanic energy - said the spokesman of a company associated with the colossus American petroleum company , in the business daily Wall Street Journal- and assess the potential to cooperate with us . "
On the occasion of its tenth anniversary , Google says that we can find it in bottom of the pockets of people and in the sky above their heads . It knows where they spent their holiday , which specialists they consult and what are their interests .
A forced integration , among other things , put an end to the relatively idyllic isolation of the community .
America very fond least without Paul Newman
That wants to hide something , or at least , to try to circumvent the monopoly of Google , can do it ( starting with , for example , Scroogle , using the system of research Google , but , at the same time , leaving intentionally no trace ) .
Vending machines which will operate from tomorrow , are easy to use .
Truth to speak , reading mangas is what I love best for some years now .
Elena attack by Luca , then the embraces .
Jersey Dairy has announced that it will increase the price in bulk of its milk , five penny per litre , from Monday .
When she was a child in Coventry , Trerise had bound her before forcing her into sexual acts , while her mother worked at a pub .
The phenomenon has already shown a few days ago , with the vote in the House of Representatives , contrary to the rescue plan of $ 700 billion approved by the White House : A good significant number of American was , and still is , more interested in punishing Wall Street to save the US economy .
" We believe that it is easier to monitor someone who remains in the United Kingdom because we have devices able to manage any potential risks , much more effectively .
Immediately after the takeover of bad debts , the government will intervene in aggressive way to ensure that the amount paid to the managers should not be exaggerated .
In Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important to a symbolic point of view .
On the other hand , no legal prescription does not prohibit not the carrier services .
Obama wins the points in the first televised duel
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
His step-daughter left for Plymouth .
There is a lot of similarities between their symptoms . The inflammation of the liver and jaundice are characteristic , but pathogens and diseases caused differ .
" The mayor of Gioia Tauro was prepared to standardise the choice of the Mutuelle the interests of the clan Piromalli . "
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
Following the reports Gélineau and Krever , two suppliers have been created in Canada : Héma-Quebec to serve the Quebec and the Canadian company of blood to supply all other provinces and the two territories .
Internet users mindful of human rights have been able to breathe a sigh of relief in May , when Google , arms into confusion with the body of electronic legal protection EFF , has proved its right to court to the FBI . According to the ruling , in the future , Google will still not be bound by any of the points of the constitution to disclose information on the request of the FBI , secret of any kind .
Journalists can clearly see where the web is going .
But not thoe that take advantage of the taxpayers ' .
It was an exciting life , a pioneer of the release of the woman , as Isadora Duncan , Virginia Woolf or Sarah Bernhardt .
Its beauty in the eyes of blue background was long their card asset , some would say its weakness .
Battery life is also crucial
Tourists kidnapped in Egypt are free
I am not at all of its kind to love speak to people , particularly in a class of 40 pupils .
But coming from an office , which must represent the interests of consumers and besides other things ensures that no one benefits from its position on the market , such a statement is confusing .
It was a nice ovation . "
This case highlights what the New York Times defines as the " paradox of the North " : The northern regions are both those where one sees " more integration and more work , " but also " the strongest anti-immigrant feeling in the country and the most important support for the Northern League "
In his fight with the second bull , after a fight much better , he was whistled at by most of the public .
Ms Mikels , contrary to bilingual education , has confirmed " we had a great success with a student who had just arrived from Mexico ; 12 months later , if you would have walked into his class , you would have had no chance to identify him . "
We have already had negotiations several times with all the Czech mobile operators about the possibility .
In any case it is a hardly studied phenomenon .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
He meets the Foreign Minister , Condoleezza Rice , to which it will decoration of the Red of Commendatore with the single of the merit of the Republic of Hungary , and will be an interview with the foreign policies of the presidential candidates , Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain .
And thus , it is the government of each state from whom everyone expects interventions , plans of rescue and recovery , new rules , and especially the affection of appropriations : when one is going through a difficult period , there is nobody but the State with the economic resources , the mass of financial resources able to try to put things in place .
The bond market has risen sharply .
" We have not stewards . We objected to it from the beginning .
The Police accuses the right-wing extremists of having desecrated an Austrian Muslim cemetery , at the end of the victory of political parties of the extreme right wing in the general election of the country .
It is not only 1,000 but 1001 ways to forget the chaos and the frenzy of daily life .
Finally , Günther Merl , chairman of the committee director of the Hellaba , however , was voted against any business strategy of merger with his bank .
Remember that in the first match of the series return journey , on Friday , the Impact had suffered a defeat of 2-1 at Starfire Complex , in Tukwila , in a suburb of Seattle .
" It would have been given to the clan - write the juges - to enter officially into the mairie , facilitating the possibilities , which are already considerable , to control the public administration "
" People were always happy to see Zora " he said .
The material , invented by the team of researchers , is a development of those that we are using a special structure of carbon , called nano tubes of carbon .
Czech according to the press , the stock exchange of Vienna , the transatlantic exchange , the Nasdaq Stock Exchange of New York , the stock exchange in London and Deutsche Börse have made an offer to date .
The CˇTÚ ( The Czech Office telecommunications ) , which pointed out that the price of a home SMS was higher than in the rest of the Union , has confirmed .
The financial crisis from the point of view of the European press
Five hundred American journalists have been arrested by the PEW Research Center about the status of their profession and mental control for the future .
Those who will begin to use the shop online can forget definitively the counters in the underground stations , where they were so far trampling of impatience in long lines in order to obtain tickets in paper .
The cooperation in question needs a permit , discussed by the Committee for energy , to begin marine energy in Alaska .
The ETUDE- The US journal Science published the discoveries of some researchers from the University of Dayton , of Akron , the Georgia Institute of Technology and the Air Force Research Laboratory .
Bills made deliberately
Projected in circles , on three large screens , were images of hyrdoelectric generators , of mining projects , of Quebec seen by " Google Maps " , maps , etc .
What we call as " fear " is therefore the mental state in which we find ourselves when the activity of the localised defence system in the brain ( or its consequences , as the reactions of the body ) absorbs live memory .
On the contrary , he promised to run in Berlin .
For travellers , it is advisable to be vaccinated against the virus A and B. There is no vaccine against C .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently the other .
Technology to perfect .
The fact is that dividends have been cut .
The first $ 350 billion , as was the wish of President George Bush , must be available as soon as possible .
Today , the systems such as those in Portugal , or some in Scotland , are small in size , and do not seem to create major problem in the ecosystem .
At Guilvinec , the ' crisis committee ' should decide on Tuesday the follow-up to the movement and its participation in the stop-gap solution previewed at the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries in Paris .
For now , however , it is impossible to say with certainty when the two chambers of Congress comes out the vote , or if the negotiations are not likely to remain blocked , at the last moment , for this or that problem .
Goodbye old cinema Paradiso , cities are removing historic theatres .
Impressive .
The magic trick consists in the fact that the company pretends to be a customer classic company , which commands a large number of SIM cards , for the operator .
Open Office is made up of five main modules : the Writer for video writing equivalent of Word ; Calc , is the worksheet which aims to replace Excel ; Impress , for the rival of PowerPoint presentations ; Dbase , to do the same for Access , is the program which allows you to work on databases ; and finally Drwa which is the graphic module .
" Sangre de Mayo , " the bet dared to Garci
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
The data of victims at work seem to point out a small positive trend , but this does not stop the fact that the number of dead whites is considerable " said the President of the Anmil , Pietro Mercandelli , later .
" Everything was perfect .
In the manufacture of metallurgical products , we have seen an increase in the price by 13.2 percent , while in the important area of food production , drinks and tobacco , prices rose by 11 percent .
The implementation was missing .
" Paul Gadd was not present at the time " .
Nancy Pelosi , chairperson of the House of Representatives , said on Sunday that there are serious hopes that the House will vote on the bill as early as Monday .
According to the latest survey of Sunia , the union of tenants , to rent a simple room can cost a student up to 900 euro in Milan , 700 in Florence , 650 in Naples , and 600 in Rome .
" The global prospective equity , interest rates and exchange markets , have become uncertain " wrote analysts at Deutsche Bank in a letter to investors . "
Already on Saturday afternoon , the fans were cheering themselves , the blue sky above the stadium and the provisional league tables on the giant screen that showed their club as top of the league .
The police began their continued until the vehicle stops two miles up the low-hand , where the two occupants took to flee in a forested area .
Limitation of golden parachutes
The film ' s duration is more than two and a half hours . " Sangre de Mayo " will debut in cinemas on Friday , which will then become a TV series for Telemadrid of more than four hours .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
In this case , it is someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
The street is in the East Village and travels the length of the north of First Street - not to be confused with Second Street - between Bowery and Second Avenue .
She was Buddhist and vegetarian and pleaded for the abolition of corsets that prevented the free movement of women .
Not surprisingly , the Republican and Democratic campaign headquarters have declared their own victory in the televised duel which would have been followed by a third of American families .
It comes after 14 months of a crisis triggered by the bursting of the housing bubble , which has led to the collapse of sub-prime mortgages ( subprime ) before spreading to other forms more widespread credit securities ( PCAA ) and lead to a freezing of liquidity and on the exodus of banks and financial institutions .
" A woman even died . "
Some admit not having even voted : " What good would it do , because they will do what they want my voice , " said a youth .
" It is much more important that the congressmans agree this week , that they support the plan and will devote themselves to it as soon as possible .
In most cases , this is the power potential represented by the company that can generate fear , and this is no compunction , fear of the punishment , the desire for freedom or possibly the revolt against the power that can generate in Internet users a counter-reaction .
The 500 reporters interviewed admitted to technology hoping that it " to do something good " for their journalism .
CSU : a grace period of transition
The mobile market in the Czech Republic is relatively advanced . Our operators propose virtually the same services as their partners in western Europe .
The Nobel Prize for economy has been awarded to the American Paul Krugman for his research on trade models and localisation of business .
These devices are filled test of independent order to MP3 , and that is how the ease of the order is closer to that of an MP3 player independent .
The Prime Minister said that the Government of Quebec would be very sensitive to their concerns and that the project would benefit them , particularly young people .
In exchange , it is recovering a right to vote in the bank and influence .
Investment in early education of Roma children means a strengthening of the economy of the Member States of the European Union .
Researchers in neurology and economy of the University of New York have managed to update the neurological and economic basis of this known and apparently irrational behaviour pattern .
One the one hand is the conscience of the objective need for authoritarian leadership , the search for a person who will take control of the situation .
For 40 years , sociologists announce that they have been misled about the pace , but secularization , the results of education and the establishment of German of the North and in the region of Bavaria , could not remain without consequences on the loyalty of voters CSU .
The 19 participants of the excursion in the desert should already be on the way to the Cairo .
" Everything depends on the fact that the coach has in its approval permission to propose places standing .
And so I believe that we can keep dreaming of becoming the host city for the 2016 Olympic Games ..
The price of the production of paper , the activities of the print edition and have not changed .
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague
Embraer maintains its forecasts for delivery in 2008
The latest James Bond , the English Daniel Craig , noted that no James Bond died before him .
The actions of the Bank Goldman Sachs accusèrent a drop of almost 10 % .
In Quebec , the committee Gélineau has fulfilled this mandate .
Negotiations for the ransom are already underway .
" Mercandelli then denounced " the gradual deterioration of the conditions of safety for compensating victims at work " and the " derived assistance to which the system has been moving in recent years " .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .
" I feel responsible for her death . "
I now come to the second new feature , which provides a fracture .
Portraits of which , thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment , given the photograph classic .
The author of " The city and the dogs ' was the man most expected the third edition of the festival and has fulfilled his contract .
Its fans have found in 1994 in The Hudsucker Proxy of the Coen brothers .
The biological clock am not afraid .
The journey is 75 euros , including the pot of welcome with a beer brewed Kaiser , according to the law of Bavarian purity , insurance and a responsible for the group speaking German - Marco has done a language courses in Frankfurt .
The PCA ( format used by the company and its Apple iPods taken from them ) , meanwhile , is less course .
They are several to wait in the warehouse at the airport near the red carpet and a military row of 27 marine soldiers .
The interests of the loan will be paid by all companies that collect the dividends from the investors , including 59 building societies .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Should I drink water during my workout ?
How can I put something in book format without " publishing " it ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do I make a height adjustable desk ?
What is the best time and temperature for taste when cooking a salmon fillet in the oven ?
How can I find out why my washing machine trips the outlet ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ?
How can I locate and repair a leak ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
What does paying by invoice mean ?
How important is the pronunciation of a toddler ' s first words ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How to strengthen my wrists ?
How to address a professor in letter ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata ?
What does the scorpion represent in Drive ?
How to select a workout plan ?
What are the bus ( coach ) connections from Thessaloniki , Greece to Tbilisi , Georgia ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
OK we ' re all nerds here , so really , how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
How does arbitration work in baseball ?
How can I use persimmons in a cooked dish ?
If lost in the wilderness , what is the first thing I should do ?
What is the PhD application process for Germany and Switzerland ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s ?
How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan / light to two switches ?
What does " do . " mean in old recipes ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
How to build plastic prototype ?
Do I need a teacher to learn violin ?
How to get funding for this idea ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
Is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle ?
How long can I safely keep a thawing pork shoulder in the fridge ?
What is the correct way to secure a gas standalone range ?
How can I manage applying for 2 more jobs when I already have a part time job ?
How do I make my dog forget a command ?
How much thinset is enough ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
What kind of socket is this ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What does this tablature notation mean ?
How do I maintain a good relationship with my old boss after being promoted ?
How can I tell if I ' m planking correctly ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
Where could the air in the water system be coming from ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
How long should it take to read a paper ?
How do I install switches in this box ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How do I clean the bottom of a gas grill ?
How High Can I Raise My Lights ?
What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA ?
How do I keep my dog ' s water clean ?
Where can I find a good vocabulary list ?
How can I wire my WIFI thermostat to control my millivolt fireplace ?
What ' s the difference between stroganoff and goulash ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
Is it safe to travel to Turkey at this time ( August 2013 ) ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
What instrument is this ?
What was the meaning of " 21 grams " ?
How much water is too much ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
What is the actual difference between Graduate and Undergraduate texts ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
How does one invent a cookie recipe ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU ?
How do I keep an egg from cracking while being boiled ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting ?
What does " do . " mean in old recipes ?
What is the difference between analog and digital effects pedals ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
Why is there no water in the kitchen ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How do I stop my cat from peeing on rugs and linens ?
How to address a professor in letter ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How do I fix a hole / gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What do I do with the neutral and ground when wiring a transfer switch ?
How do I retrieve a detached plunger from a bathtub drain ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
How can I reduce my need to do a water change on my turtle ' s habitat ?
What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words ?
Is it ok to use " and / or " in my dissertation ?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
I ' m an Indonesian citizen . Do I need a visa for South Korea ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
How should I fill in pits in a concrete floor so I can install laminate ?
Which job title to use ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How do I track investment performance in Quicken across rollovers ?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan ?
How can I stop my pre-schooler from whining ?
What kind of socket is this ?
Is it normal for cats to eat grass ?
What is the origin of cheese dip ?
Should I contact an editor at the journal that rejected my paper , to ask for feedback ?
Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview ?
How do you remove mold from a tent ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
How can I make sifting easier ?
Should I declare my job application at a meeting ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
U.S. income tax & charitable donations : How much is income tax reduced by donations ?
How do I replace the front door on a stucco house ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How can I make an improvised vegetable steamer ?
What is the function of " -ter " in words " laughter " and " daughter " ?
Bar ware - What kind of glass is this ?
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How much water is too much ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What to look for when choosing a new bathtub ?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts ?
How does arbitration work in baseball ?
Is it possible to replace a switch with a receptacle ?
How High Can I Raise My Lights ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How can I remove wax from a wooden counter so I can resurface it with Danish oil ?
Do I really need a redundant sump pump ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
How long boiled egg can be stored in fridge ?
How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
How to deal with company that doesn ' t set expectations or tasks for me ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
How do I teach my toddler to chew his food ?
Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
How do you buy the right train ticket in the UK ?
Do I need to ground my above ground pool / with saltwater system ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
How can I thaw a frozen exterior drain quickly ?
How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater ?
Can I connect my 50 amp generator to a 30 Amp plug ?
I ' m an Indonesian citizen . Do I need a visa for South Korea ?
How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?
How do I remedy a ledger board that is pulling away from the house ?
What is the likelihood of a PhD admission if a professor agrees to supervise ?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge ?
Why are balls of fur behind my dog ' s ears , and how do I get rid of them ?
Will getting a secured credit card to buy a single expensive item hurt my credit or help it ?
How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate ?
How long does tortilla dough keep for ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How can I tell if I ' m planking correctly ?
How can I deaden the vibration noise of a box fan ?
What is the difference between a ' trader ' and a ' stockbroker ' ?
How do you reduce a cream sauce ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge ?
Do I need to apply for ESTA ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
How should I patch a popcorn ceiling ?
What are the principles of improvisation in newgrass music ?
How does Elimination Communication work ?
What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn ' t respond to my emails ?
Can I do anything to make my gas oven better ?
What are Automatic Garage Door Options for a Garage with a Low Ceiling Clearance ?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s ?
Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa ?
How should I make a budget ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don ' t know what he ' s barking at ?
How hard is it to get an academic position in Australia / New Zealand with a PhD from the US ?
How should I store eggs in the refrigerator ?
I accepted an offer , then the company stopped responding . Do I keep chasing the offer ?
What ' s wrong with my replacement GFCI outlet ?
How does muscle confusion work ?
How do I make a pot of coffee on a bbq grill ?
What are some songs / music piece that I can use to practice Violin ?
Travelling to Romania for 4 days by Schengen visa issued by Germany ?
What is the likelihood of a PhD admission if a professor agrees to supervise ?
Should I go for an interview if I feel I am not prepared ?
How hard is it to get an academic position in Australia / New Zealand with a PhD from the US ?
Is it ok to apply for more than one Phd student program ?
How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
What is the professional way to follow up with a manager for project opportunity ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job ?
What was the average percentage of taxes in Europe during the Middle Ages ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
How is rental income taxed ?
How do we teach our toddler that it ' s okay to go on the potty ?
Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job ?
How do I find out whether my flight has WiFi ?
How do I raise my garage ceiling after spray foaming ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What ' s the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen ?
What does paying by invoice mean ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
Why doesn ' t my cat lick me ?
How do you keep up with a toddler ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
Is there a term for the opposite of the Chuck Cunningham Syndrome ?
What kind of socket is this ?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth ? And how long can it take ?
How do I fix this leaking dishwasher drain pipe ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How exactly do the sounds of Arabic " ﻕ " and Georgian " ყ " differ ?
Should I look for a new job ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
Reapplying to same PhD program after one year , should I state I applied the previous year ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What would I need to show to change fields and get into a physics PhD program ?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip ?
Is it right to expect my co-workers to have the same dedication to work as mine ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me ?
In the Avengers movie , why did they close the portal ?
Is it normal for a 12-year-old to have Vibrato ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How can I stop my fireplace from disabling my thermostat ?
What happened at the end of Rocky ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
If lost in the wilderness , what is the first thing I should do ?
Can I patent work after I have published a paper about it ?
After a job interview , is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private ?
How do you keep up with a toddler ?
Why is compensation so much higher in the US than in Western Europe on average ?
How do I reheat a casserole in the oven ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts ?
What is a mezrag-holder ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
As a postdoc , how to make sure I get credit for helping undergrad and grad students ?
What parameter is best to increase - time or temperature ?
What kind of material do I need above the tile line in my shower ?
Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle ?
Replacing a hot water heater : tank or tankless ?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How much time can you ask before joining a new company ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the motivation behind using the 2-3-2 ( vs. 2-2-1-1-1 ) series format for the NBA Finals ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
Should I let potential employers know I have a job offer ?
What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine ?
How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors ?
How do I clean reclaimed wood from construction ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
How should I use heat tape ?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth ? And how long can it take ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
Is it appropriate to call a professor for a recommendation on the weekend ?
What could be causing water pressure to build up after changing my under sink filter ?
Can I use romex in my unfinished , detached garage or should I use MC ?
Why are Cinnabons so soft and moist ?
U.S. income tax & charitable donations : How much is income tax reduced by donations ?
Where can I find a good vocabulary list ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What ' s the difference between a " false cognate " and a " false friend " ?
Glue underlayment to concrete : how long does it take to cure ?
How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense ?
When is it a remix , and when is it a cover ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
How long will a balsamic reduction keep ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
Does this beginning hook the reader ?
How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child ?
How do I adjust for a door jamb that ' s thicker than the wall ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
How do you remove mold from a tent ?
Job transfer with a house I can ' t sell . How should I handle it ?
Is it better to request a recommendation letter in person after class or by email ?
What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners ?
Should I go for an interview if I feel I am not prepared ?
How to get from Rzeszów to Lviv ?
Which is the cheapest ferry to Jeju in South Korea ?
How should I patch a large hole in brick ?
Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
How do I retrofit a junction box in an insulated wall ?
How can I remove old tea stain from carpet / rug ?
How can I win my Supervisor ' s trust to do some big work ?
What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata ?
How should I make a budget ?
How do I keep my dog ' s water clean ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
My name was misspelled in a citation , what should I do ?
What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?
I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled . Can I still travel then ?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip ?
How can I locate and repair a leak ?
How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words ?
Apply for new UK tourist visa from home while current one is still valid ?
What is the difference between assertive and non-assertive words ?
After a job interview , is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
Do I need to ground my above ground pool / with saltwater system ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
What is the difference between a ' trader ' and a ' stockbroker ' ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
Is " Why We Get Fat : And What to Do About It " thesis correct ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
Is it a good idea to go to the airport and ask for the next cheap flight to anywhere ?
Why does the shower get cold when I flush , and how can I prevent it ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How much water is too much ?
Can I run 3 feet of water pipe in the attic for a rain shower ?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don ' t know what he ' s barking at ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How should I deal with colleagues asking me to hide problems with their work ?
What if I don ' t have enough work sample for an interview ?
How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile ?
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes ?
What happened at the end of Rocky ?
How should I store eggs in the refrigerator ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
What is it that makes bacon so delicious ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
How much water is too much ?
Is my U.S. driver ' s license valid in Europe ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How should I make a budget ?
What kind of socket is this ?
Should I have separate savings accounts for various savings goals ?
When is it appropriate to close your office door when meeting with a student ?
How should I build stud walls to make shelves in a room that has a sloping ceiling and floor ?
How do you remove mold from a tent ?
What ' s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?
How should I groom my dog ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan ?
What is the easiest way to tear out a bathroom subfloor ?
How do I replace a broken bathtub drain ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What is a mezrag-holder ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
Do my kids need to file a tax return ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is " beta " for an investment or a portfolio , and how do I use it ?
Can I run 3 feet of water pipe in the attic for a rain shower ?
Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job ?
How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
How can I make sifting easier ?
How to stop feeling bad when you are leaving a company you like for a new job ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
What are the technical differences between skeleton and luge ?
How long should meat be steamed for ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature ?
What is the cheapest way to go from Poland to Lyon ( France ) ?
Is it possible to overmarinade a steak ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
Can I add a porcelain bathroom fixture to existing tile ?
How do I install switches in this box ?
What was the meaning of " 21 grams " ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How can I improve hvac air flow to my attic ?
What does " do . " mean in old recipes ?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat ?
What is a 13th chord ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
What are some great exercises for adult recorder players ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What ' s the difference between stroganoff and goulash ?
How to remember things you don ' t often use ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How can I create a disclaimer ?
how to blackout a large bedroom window on a budget ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
What language does this look like ?
Can I travel outside of the US during my OPT , but with an expired visa ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What type of pants are good for weight lifting ?
How do I determine if a pipe is frozen ?
Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job ?
I ' m an Indonesian citizen . Do I need a visa for South Korea ?
Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall ?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts ?
Job transfer with a house I can ' t sell . How should I handle it ?
What is the easiest way to get rid of spilled glitter ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
Lowest score that has never scored by a batsman in an innings ?
How to prepare cinder block wall for painting ?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU ?
How to decide whether contract " had " , " did " , and " would " ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
What signs indicate good water quality for tropical fish ?
How to strengthen my wrists ?
How do I know if my cat has worms ?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner ?
What is the best way to clean your clothes dryer exhaust ?
What loan options are there for minors ?
What does " do . " mean in old recipes ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
Do I have to spend money with my credit card to increase my credit score ?
How can I install a water inlet for a dishwasher ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
How much activity is too much for my older dog ?
What is the proper way to hold a subtenant ' s rental deposit ?
What causes these chips in a cement brick wall , and how can I fix them ?
What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
What could be causing my toilet to back up ?
Can you thaw a frozen turkey in a dryer ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA ?
How can I wire my WIFI thermostat to control my millivolt fireplace ?
How to deal with the child when both the parents are not on the same page ?
How can I get a toddler I care for during the day to take a nap ?
In a dialogue , how do you write that a character says a letter ?
Why doesn ' t my cat lick me ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
Where could the air in the water system be coming from ?
Is it possible to steam steak ?
How can I determine how much my car insurance will cost me ?
How to ask for more details about the job before applying ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How do I pump up water pressure in my shower ?
Job transfer with a house I can ' t sell . How should I handle it ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
What are some common beginner mistakes when learning to play the piano ?
Why isn ' t my mini fridge staying cold ?
How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author ?
What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
Greek type D visa : Can I travel to other Schengen countries ?
Is it possible to steam steak ?
What could cause my ceiling fan light to go off after 2 seconds of being on ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
What could have caused my GFCI to trip , and what can I do about it ?
How should I patch a popcorn ceiling ?
What is the best way to introduce myself in a letter to a prospective graduate adviser ?
What can I do to minimize my risk of being laid off ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How do I use a floor nailer near the wall ?
How should I store eggs in the refrigerator ?
What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist ?
What can I do about out of square rough opening for new windows ?
What ' s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?
What ' s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?
What is the meaning of the letters on the top of a common hex bolt ?
How do I keep my dog ' s water clean ?
What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan ?
How do I paint art onto a wall ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How to deal with meddling coworkers ?
How do i get my 1 yr old to sleep in his crib ?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper ?
What are the principles of improvisation in newgrass music ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What ' s the evidence for and against isochrony ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
should I continue with this research ?
Lose more or gain weight ?
How to ask for an update on a potential opening ?
At what age should a child ' s self-involvement begin to decrease ?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts ?
Can I travel outside of the US during my OPT , but with an expired visa ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?
What should I look for in strawberries at the market ?
how to install pre-finished hardwood floors ?
How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?
How to bake a chicken ?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?
Why is there no water after replacing the filter in a Samsung refrigerator ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
When should I use italics in scientific writing ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How do I get play-doh out of the carpet ?
What information / guarantees should I get from a company in financial difficulty ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
How to remove construction adhesive from concrete ?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself ?
Does the optimal hypertrophy rep range apply to tired muscles ?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper ?
How do I install switches in this box ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What ' s the difference between stroganoff and goulash ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
What is the difference between a ' trader ' and a ' stockbroker ' ?
Is it safe to eat sprouted onions ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How do I teach my toddler to chew his food ?
How to repair garage ceiling ?
When should you use metal studs ?
How do I repair my porcelain floor ?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush ?
Can anyone tell me what this is ?
How can you buy train tickets at Oslo Airport ?
Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview ?
Should I look for a new job ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What goes in a student success statement for a faculty application ?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?
What type of hardware do I need for a heavy fence gate ?
Why won ' t my new Craftsman garage door opener power on ?
How do I replace a broken bathtub drain ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What kind of socket is this ?
Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba ?
Is it safe to travel to Turkey at this time ( August 2013 ) ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Can I claim child care expenses as a deduction on my federal return in Quebec ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
How to clean up spilled paint on carpet ?
What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist ?
What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
Is there a keyed switch that can be used to power off a subpanel ?
How can I reinforce a wall mounted ikea shelf ?
How can I win my Supervisor ' s trust to do some big work ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
Where the did the concept of " smear campaigns " originate ?
Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied ?
How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
What is the origin of the black / devil riders ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Why did Sherlock fake his death this way ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How do I remove a panel from the ceiling of my side porch ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How does mobile home insurance work ?
What are the properties I should look for in running shoes ?
What could be causing my toilet to back up ?
How long can fish be left out ?
Being a non-native English writer how can i improve my English Writing style ?
What is the cheapest and most direct route from the UK to Malawi ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How can I replace the roller mechanism on this door ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How do you keep up with a toddler ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
How to apply for a Schengen visa ?
What is the cheapest way to go from Poland to Lyon ( France ) ?
How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
How can I get my dog to take liquid vitamins from a dropper ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
Do Bangladeshi citizens need transit visa in Malaysia ?
Can anyone tell me what this is ?
How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle ?
What is the term for the " amuse-bouche " at the end of the meal ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
How do I teach my toddler to chew his food ?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan ?
When not to reply to a recruiter as it would be clear that it is a waste of time ?
Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature ?
How to get a child to stop pretending to choke on foods he doesn ' t want to eat ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater ?
What ' s the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
What are properties of good whole bean coffee ?
How can I share my research ideas for others to develop , in exchange for authorship ?
What should I look for in strawberries at the market ?
What are the most effective cat exercises ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What to do with a cold corner ?
How do I keep my dog ' s water clean ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do I make soft chapattis ?
How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation ?
Can I apply for a post-doc in theoretical physics without publications ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
Do I need to file income taxes for my business if it made no money ?
How can I make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen ?
How do I make soft chapattis ?
How did Bellator survive ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
How much should I reveal about my book idea to a publishing house representative ?
Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job ?
How to deal with a bedwetting teenager ?
What ' s the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I insulate the floor of a room above a porch ?
How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors ?
What should I do with my credit card debt ?
Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba ?
Is it safe to wire a plug-in sconce directly to the junction box ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
Can I say " No " politely for a task I ' m not interested in doing ?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?
Where should I travel to see this building ?
How do I repair my porcelain floor ?
How to respond to a low salary offer ?
How do I adjust for a door jamb that ' s thicker than the wall ?
What could be causing my toilet to back up ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA ?
British citizen , why does my South-African wife need a visa to visit me in the UK ?
How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
How can I practice Climbing without the actual wall and / or equipment ?
What ' s the best way to run a wire from inside my garage to the outside ?
What to look for when choosing a new bathtub ?
What ' s the difference between a " false cognate " and a " false friend " ?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is this stucco-like finish called ?
Why is my two way dimmer switch not working ?
How long does it take to get into London from Southend airport ?
How do I reduce the lemon acidity in apple soup ?
How can you make gelatin at home ?
How are Vanguard directors chosen ?
What can I realistically do to raise my credit score ?
How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box ?
Can I enter a different schengen country before I enter the country of my student residence permit ?
How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs ?
How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?
How to apply for a Schengen visa ?
Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside through a PVC pipe ?
As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth ? And how long can it take ?
Why does the shower get cold when I flush , and how can I prevent it ?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s ?
How can I repair the carpet around a new shower ?
How long should it take to read a paper ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
How much vertical distance is it possible to make in a day ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
Can anyone tell me what this is ?
How do I avoid paying higher taxes on freelance work in the UK ?
Where can I find a good vocabulary list ?
When to apply for a new credit card ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
How can I locate and repair a leak ?
Why is my dryer taking longer to dry clothes ?
How does mobile home insurance work ?
should I continue with this research ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How can I repair peeling finish on a faucet handle ?
Why isn ' t my mini fridge getting cold ?
Is it possible for a foreigner to drive through ( mainland ) China in a foreign-registered car ?
What could cause my ceiling fan light to go off after 2 seconds of being on ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What is this vocal technique called ?
How can I improve my piano sight reading ?
How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?
How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket ?
Should I put my résumé on LinkedIn when applying for a PhD ?
How long should it take to read a paper ?
How should I store beansprouts ?
What ' s the most effective studying method ?
What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners ?
What does casual mean in this context ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
What language to use in Georgia ( the country ) ? Is English widely spoken ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
Do I have to spend money with my credit card to increase my credit score ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
What kind of socket is this ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
How should I control my voice while rapping ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
How to get my cat to stop being annoying at night ?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper ?
What are the most effective cat exercises ?
Why does turning on one light turn off a different light ?
Why did my brown beef stock end up yellow ?
What exactly is a CV ?
In the Avengers movie , why did they close the portal ?
How do I secure an old aluminum / glass sliding door ?
I added insulation to my attic rafters , but should I have left room for airflow ?
How to teach a toddler how to treat a book ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
How can I stop this Shower faucet leak ?
How do I know if my cat has worms ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat ?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
How common were horses at the beginning of the 20th century ?
As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland ?
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator ?
What instrument is this ?
How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors ?
What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn ' t respond to my emails ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Should I look for a new job ?
What is the actual difference between Graduate and Undergraduate texts ?
How much does a tailpiece affect the overall sound quality of an electric guitar ?
Is it safe to eat sprouted onions ?
I want to record but am nervous about it , why , how to get ready ?
Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
What are the differences between hot and cold roof systems ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
Is it possible to use one thesis for two degrees ?
Do I need to update my resume when not looking for a job ?
What are the chances of getting into a PhD program in math after other pursuits in life ?
Should I look for a new job ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How do I prevent water from streaming into my driveway ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation ?
What happened at the end of Rocky ?
Is " Why We Get Fat : And What to Do About It " thesis correct ?
What ' s the difference between a " false cognate " and a " false friend " ?
Do I need to replace my hot water tank ' s pressure release valve ?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete ?
How do I get a recruiter to stop bothering me ?
What are some good strength exercises for marathon runners ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
How to judge the quality of my own paper ?
What does this tablature notation mean ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
Do I need a teacher to learn violin ?
How should I make a budget ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How do I prepare my home for a power outage ?
How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How do I level a small yard ?
After a job interview , is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private ?
Which way does the air flow through my furnace ?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU ?
How do I get play-doh out of the carpet ?
What is the proper way to install a exterior door in brick / drywall wall ?
Do I need to file income taxes for my business if it made no money ?
How to tell when a muzzleloader nipple needs to be replaced ?
What does it mean to write a song in a certain key ?
What is causing my butter toffee to separate ?
Is it legal for a US citizen to travel to Cuba ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
How do I adjust for a door jamb that ' s thicker than the wall ?
Is it a good idea to link your LinkedIn profile in the CV section of your dissertation ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
Why is my washing machine making this sound ?
Why doesn ' t my cat lick me ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How can I make the best use of chocolate peppers ?
OK we ' re all nerds here , so really , how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet ?
How can you tell if someone is dehydrated ?
How do I prevent water from streaming into my driveway ?
What does " do . " mean in old recipes ?
What defines a unique writing style ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What is the origin of cheese dip ?
How can I say " Facebook will not get you anywhere " ?
What could be wrong with my A / C unit ?
How to strengthen my wrists ?
How can I stop my cat ' s playful yet aggressive behavior ?
Why didn ' t my pan-fried potato wedges turn out crispy ?
How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ?
How do I install switches in this box ?
How do you remove mold from a tent ?
How to remove construction adhesive from concrete ?
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
Can I use a nickname for work ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview ?
What can I do to stop my fiberglass bathtub from squeaking ?
Can I ask a company what I should wear to an interview ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What should I do with my credit card debt ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
What is the best position to keep monitor ?
Is there a list of online public transportation planners ?
How can I repair a towel bar with one end ripped out of the wall ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How to remove a ticks on my dog ?
My colleagues earn twice more than I do . How can I approach my employer for a fair salary ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
Which reward / benefits credit card is the best value for the money in Canada ?
I am a 2nd year undergraduate student . What should I do now to prepare for my PhD ?
How to deal with company that doesn ' t set expectations or tasks for me ?
Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb ?
What is this vocal technique called ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
How to deal with a child in an " I can ' t " phase ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb ?
What is the origin of Dragons ?
What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine ?
How should I groom my dog ?
What are refereed and non-refereed journals ?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a thinner yoga mat ?
How does muscle confusion work ?
How do you remove mold from a tent ?
How do I pump up water pressure in my shower ?
How long should it take to read a paper ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
What is the significance of the scene with the cop near the end of The Artist ?
Schengen visa for UK citizen ?
How did the Vulgar Latin ' parabola ' evolve to mean ' word ' ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
Why did my Tiramisu Cake become dry ?
What ' s the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen ?
What can I replace Microsoft Money with , now that MS has abandoned it ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
How should I ground a GFCI to a metal box ?
Why did the overseer leave Solomon to hang ?
What can I do to bond with my premature baby ?
Where does the concept of traffic keeping to the " right " side of the street originate ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is the meaning of " playing off the beat " and " playing on the beat " ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder ?
How do I make my cheese " crackers " less greasy ?
What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?
I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled . Can I still travel then ?
What should I do if a check gets lost in the mail ?
How do I replace a broken bathtub drain ?
How do I remove floorboard nails from joists ?
Do I even need credit cards ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine ?
What could be causing my toilet to back up ?
How do I help a child who is afraid of the dark ?
How can I extend my Schengen seafarer ' s visa ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
How to deal with company that doesn ' t set expectations or tasks for me ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
How to learn to play guitar with a slide ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting ?
Why does my dog ignore the treats I try to give him when playing ?
Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied ?
What kind of socket is this ?
What to do with a cold corner ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
With FlightHub , How many days in advance should I book a ticket ?
At which temperature and how long should I cook tilapia on the grill ?
Which part of the GRE is more important to admissions committees ?
How can I repair my relationship with my manager ?
How do I level a pipe with the ground ?
How can I determine what size main water meter is required ?
What was the significance of fort Wilderness in the Patriot ?
In a dialogue , how do you write that a character says a letter ?
How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad ?
What can I do to make my writing fit the 1950s ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
Should I negotiate if I ' m offered more than what I initially asked for ?
Should a phd student try present a review paper in a conference ?
How can I deal with an employee that always arrives late ?
What is the difference between case marking particles and adpositions ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself ?
Can you book hotels on a prepaid credit card worldwide ?
Can I use brown sugar instead of white sugar in making fruitcake ?
What can I do to bond with my premature baby ?
How to show skills through Evidence ?
Why won ' t my new Craftsman garage door opener power on ?
Is it better to take protein supplements before or after a workout ?
What can I eat the night before to help me get up in the morning ?
Schengen visa for UK citizen ?
How can I keep my dog from chewing on and destroying things ?
How should I finish around this hole in my slab ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
Is it possible to get into a good masters program in computer science with a 3-3.5 GPA ?
What is the best way to remove pet odor from concrete ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
What was the meaning of " 21 grams " ?
Do I even need credit cards ?
How do I determine what size Generator I need ?
How can I gain a lot of weight in one month ?
How to stop feeling bad when you are leaving a company you like for a new job ?
How do I level a pipe with the ground ?
What does " the anointed of the Lord " mean ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How do I know if my cat has worms ?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?
How can I stop my boiler from making all this noise ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
How can I remove grout and mortar from a drain ?
What does the term " Boardroom poker " mean ?
What does the circle around a note mean in a guitar chord diagram ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
How long is the life of a shot of espresso ?
How should I wake up my 4 year old ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
Do I need to hang a bear cache ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How to prepare gnocchi dough for mixed ingredients ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
How to deal with a bedwetting teenager ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How much more does a recommendation letter from alumni help in PhD admissions ?
What is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar ?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth ? And how long can it take ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
What ' s the difference between " Wood Filler " and " Floor patch & Smoothing Compound " ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
My cat is gaining too much weight , how often should I be feeding her ?
How can I improve hvac air flow to my attic ?
How should I store eggs in the refrigerator ?
After a job interview , is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What is a good substitute for ground veal ?
How do I determine what size Generator I need ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
What could be causing my toilet to back up ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles ?
I have a Schengen visa but my UAE Residence visa cancelled . Can I still travel then ?
Cheapest way to travel from Osaka Kansai airport to Kyoto and back ?
Why would anyone buy a government bond ?
What can I do if I have a colleague who is picking on me ?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don ' t know what he ' s barking at ?
How to fix a leaking bath tub overflow drain ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What ' s the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes ?
How can I proof-read my own work more effectively ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
What is the longest six in cricket history ?
Where can I find an LED replacement for this CFL bulb ?
How can I stop my fireplace from disabling my thermostat ?
What kind of socket is this ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can you tell if someone is dehydrated ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
How do I properly prepare a deck for repainting ?
What should I look for in strawberries at the market ?
How to get from Rzeszów to Lviv ?
What can I do to minimize my risk of being laid off ?
How do I paint art onto a wall ?
After a job interview , is it inappropriate if I want to talk to an employee in private ?
What can I do to make driving in the rain at night easier ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it ?
What ' s the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
Schengen visa for UK citizen ?
How do you reduce static in a coffee grinder ?
Is it possible to do a Master ' s in Mathematics after a Bachelor ' s in Economics ?
How do I wire a combo with two supplies ?
How can a ventless ( gas ) fire box be put in a wall safely ?
How do I repair this broken pipe ?
What skis should I buy ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don ' t know what he ' s barking at ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job ?
Must I enter Europe with Schengen visa from the country where I applied ?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner ?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
How to ask for an update on a potential opening ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How can I manage my Credit Card Debt in Australia ?
Does grenadine need to be refrigerated ?
What do I need to look for in a Y splitter for guitar ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
Should I switch to third person or continue in first person ?
What is the origin of cheese dip ?
What should I do to promote my books ?
What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine ?
How to select a workout plan ?
What ' s the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How should I install a digital timer ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Is it possible to do a Master ' s in Mathematics after a Bachelor ' s in Economics ?
How to address a professor in letter ?
How can I test a rabbit ' s vision ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
How can I remove 6-8 inches of concrete from a wooden floor ?
How do I repair my porcelain floor ?
What happened at the end of Rocky ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
How can I finish the edge of a mirrored wall ?
What is the origin of Dragons ?
How can you make gelatin at home ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
KORG TRITON LE , can I make my own sounds ?
How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
How can I stop this Shower faucet leak ?
Do I need to apply for ESTA ?
Is it ok to use " and / or " in my dissertation ?
How can I avoid windswept muffins in a convection oven ?
How can I manage applying for 2 more jobs when I already have a part time job ?
How do I troubleshoot my electric oven ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How can I tell whether a mathematics journal seems reputable ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How can I get my dog to take liquid vitamins from a dropper ?
Do I need to apply for ESTA ?
Should I tell prospective employer that I got a raise at my current job ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
What ' s the difference between a " false cognate " and a " false friend " ?
What is the CBFC ' s definition of a Film ?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How should I patch a large hole in brick ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
How should I store beansprouts ?
What to look for when choosing a new bathtub ?
Where do I attach the grounding conductor to my bedroom light fixture ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
Is it possible to do a Master ' s in Mathematics after a Bachelor ' s in Economics ?
How can I replace a 3 wire thermostat with a 4 wire on baseboard electric heater ?
Is it possible to patent recipes ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
Is it appropriate to call a professor for a recommendation on the weekend ?
What olive is a good taste substitute for Kalamata ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
How do I comfortably and safely bathe my Whippet ?
How can I make the best use of chocolate peppers ?
How do I pump up water pressure in my shower ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
Why does my washing machine leak only during the tumble dry cycle ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
Schengen visa for UK citizen ?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What happened at the end of Rocky ?
What ' s the best way to avoid slipping on ice ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
How to prepare dried tortellini ?
What can I do to fix store-bought mayonnaise that split ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine ?
What does the term " Out of the Furnace " refer to ?
How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater ?
What kind of plug adapter should I pack for India ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
How do I keep my dog ' s water clean ?
I need a new bank ! How do I determine the financial stability of a bank in the US ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself ?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What does casual mean in this context ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
How can I keep my dog from barking when I don ' t know what he ' s barking at ?
Is it possible to patent recipes ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
How do I know if my cat has worms ?
Can I travel to Paris with a type A multiple entry visa valid for 3 years ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
Why do you need to peel peaches to can them ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How do I increase the height of a sliding glass door lock ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
Is it possible to create a professional music with Fl Studio ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
How do I clean a very dirty refrigerator ?
How to apply for a Schengen visa ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What does " the anointed of the Lord " mean ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
Is ham safe to eat if it was at room temperature but is recooked ?
How can I remove 6-8 inches of concrete from a wooden floor ?
How do I measure a standard sliding glass door ?
How to test if a toilet is leaking ?
What effect does the gender of the narrator have on a story ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
Is it advisable to apply to more than one PhD program ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How to ask for a higher salary increase the second time ?
How much water is too much ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How do I replace a broken halogen bulb in the recessed light in my bathroom ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What ' s the best way to introduce a chinchilla to a household with cats ?
Why is there no water in the kitchen ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
What is a good substitute for ground veal ?
How do I monitor what my kids do on the computer ?
How to make crumbly cookies ?
Should I negotiate if I ' m offered more than what I initially asked for ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense ?
What is intonation and how can I find out if my guitar has correct intonation ?
How can I be sure my water softener is working ?
How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan / light to two switches ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How can I tell if I ' m planking correctly ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
How do I ask my boss to pay for an expense ?
How to frame a door in a passageway ?
What to do when your manager doesn ' t accept your vendor ' s answer about a bug ?
If lost in the wilderness , what is the first thing I should do ?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip ?
How to get rid of oversleeping ?
How do I determine what size Generator I need ?
Should I agree to have more insulation added to my attic ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I get power to this garage ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
Is it acceptable as referee to contact an author on a paper you review ?
How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles ?
How can I prevent my ferrets from smelling bad ?
Is there an alternative to Wikipedia ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
I was published in a journal on Beall ' s list - how bad is my mistake ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner ?
What is the origin of Dragons ?
What does casual mean in this context ?
How do I repair this broken pipe ?
How can I replace a 3 wire thermostat with a 4 wire on baseboard electric heater ?
How can I ask for a raise at my internship-turned-full time job ?
How should I cite a screenshot in APA style for my student paper ?
How should I understand time signature ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
How High Can I Raise My Lights ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode ?
What milestones should we be aware of when planning for our child ?
What is the longest timespan depicted in a movie ?
How do I cap a T junction on a roof ridge ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
Is it right to ask for a PhD position at a conference ?
How should I wake up my 4 year old ?
How can I remove a non-load bearing wall in my basement ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
How long does it take to get into London from Southend airport ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How can I make the ceiling black , non-permanently ?
How long should meat be steamed for ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge ?
When should I use italics in scientific writing ?
As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland ?
How to best store scallions ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs ?
Why doesn ' t my cat lick me ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
Do I need to write a bibliography ?
What is the decision on my paper ?
What are modes and how are they useful ?
How to address a professor in letter ?
What is the most effective way to filter your twitter stream ?
Can I put a convection toaster oven over the range ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How can I build a porch enclosure ?
How do I stop my dog from jumping on me ?
How do I determine if a pipe is frozen ?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How to make a strong mug of filter coffee without any Coffee machine ?
Can you really teach how to play notes on the flute ?
How can I increase the number of push-ups I can do ?
How do I prepare a wall for backsplash tile ?
How do you keep up with a toddler ?
How much water is too much ?
How do I repair this broken pipe ?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
How to record and optimize sleep patterns ?
How to apply for a Schengen visa ?
What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket ?
In a dialogue , how do you write that a character says a letter ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How do I season wood on my own ?
What instrument is this ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
What do I do if a professor at a foreign university doesn ' t respond to my emails ?
What is the best way to clean your clothes dryer exhaust ?
What type of lag bolts should I use for a deck ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How do I repair this broken pipe ?
Is the reciprocity fee for US citizens only charged if you arrive at Santiago International Airport ?
How do I paint art onto a wall ?
How can I get my colleagues to stop interrupting me ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
What ' s the best way to introduce a chinchilla to a household with cats ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How much water is too much ?
What ' s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life ?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm ?
Can I repair a plaster ceiling with drywall ?
How does mobile home insurance work ?
To what extent should a professor give students freedom to do independent research ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
How should I build a skid foundation for my shed ?
What do I do with the neutral and ground when wiring a transfer switch ?
What is a mezrag-holder ?
How do I professionally quit a job I ' ve realized is not for me ?
What are the types of Guitar available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How do I fix a hole / gap between my shower tile and the dry wall next to it ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What are the guidelines for declaring for the MLB Draft ?
What does " respectively " mean in the Tenth Amendment ?
Should I be worried about tears in my foundation wrap ?
What is this vocal technique called ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What exactly is a CV ?
How do I season wood on my own ?
How long can a pitcher of tap water be left out , and still be drinkable ?
How do I monitor what my kids do on the computer ?
How long can I keep sauteed onions in the fridge ?
How do I wire a bathroom exhaust fan / light to two switches ?
What is the origin of Dragons ?
What can I use to build temporary walls in an unfinished basement ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How can I control a bath fan with two lights through a single wire ?
Does Apple ’ s Magic Trackpad put more stress on the hand , wrist and arm than a traditional mouse ?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros ?
What does this tablature notation mean ?
How do I use whole fresh tamarind ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
Where can I find an LED replacement for this CFL bulb ?
How do i get my 1 yr old to sleep in his crib ?
Does drinking alcohol cause problems at altitude ?
How can I determine why my toilets are not flushing right ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
What is the easiest way to get rid of spilled glitter ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Is a Paraguay multiple-entry visa valid for more than 90 days in total ?
How can I locate and repair a leak ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How do I secure a vinyl window to the wall ?
How do I secure a vinyl window to the wall ?
How does Elimination Communication work ?
How to increase conversational skills ?
What are the properties I should look for in running shoes ?
I ' m an Indonesian citizen . Do I need a visa for South Korea ?
Is it possible to travel from London to India while on an ICT visa in the UK ?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
What should I look for in a jump rope ?
What is the origin of Indian weekday names ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
How can I add a GFCI receptacle on a circuit with split receptacles ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What kind of spider web is this - and how do I get rid of it ?
What is the best way to apply Shellac-based primer ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
When buying a backpack , what should I pay attention to ?
Will I have to clear customs In Heathrow when traveling from US to Lisbon ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
I attended an Olympiad for student and failed . How should I write this down on my CV ?
How to learn to play guitar with a slide ?
How long can I safely keep a thawing pork shoulder in the fridge ?
Do Bangladeshi citizens need transit visa in Malaysia ?
What exactly is a CV ?
How can I move beyond learning songs ?
What is the function of " -ter " in words " laughter " and " daughter " ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How can I repair my relationship with my manager ?
What does it mean to write a song in a certain key ?
I ' m an Indonesian citizen . Do I need a visa for South Korea ?
How can I remove a key that has broken off in a lock ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ?
What is the best way to calculate total yield on a stock portfolio ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What are some good next steps for the HENRY ?
How can I help my dog adjust to a move ?
How can I get myself writing again ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
What is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar ?
What is the term for the " amuse-bouche " at the end of the meal ?
What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
How do I repair my porcelain floor ?
How long does cooked TVP keep in the fridge ?
Why isn ' t the switch working to turn off my ceiling lamp after I replaced a fan w / light ?
How long should I wait between grout application and sealant ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
Where can I find good toys suggestions for each age group ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How to remove a stuck flexible installer bit ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
is it worth it to get a recruiter in a different country ?
What could be wrong with my A / C unit ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I increase the number of push-ups I can do ?
How do I add in-floor heating to a small area ?
What are the pros and cons of Jefferson vs conventional deadlifts ?
Should I look for a new job ?
How do I determine if a paper has been plagiarized ?
What are Automatic Garage Door Options for a Garage with a Low Ceiling Clearance ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
UK visa decision advice ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house using an FHA loan ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How to fix a leaking bath tub overflow drain ?
How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?
Why does my asparagus turn out too chewy ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How does Paying credit card in full VS paying with interest will affect your credit score ?
How can I get myself writing again ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
What is the best way to shorten legs on a table and chairs ?
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How do I make soft chapattis ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
What does a piano teacher do ?
How long can you keep chocolate in the freezer ?
How can I take apart this kind of tap to replace the washer ?
What is the relation between the words " Cossack " and " Kazakh " ?
Is it a good idea to tell my programmer colleagues that I actually code for fun ?
What ' s the process to get an Indonesian tourist visa for a US citizen ?
What ' s the difference between stroganoff and goulash ?
How can I find out why my washing machine trips the outlet ?
Did I do a shoddy wiring job on a ceiling fan ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How to peel peaches ?
Should I contact a PhD student or his supervisor for potential collaboration ?
How should I choose which graduate programs to apply to for the PhD ?
What could cause the battery in a smoke detector to heat up ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How should I patch a large hole in brick ?
How long does it take for sugar to get to the hard ball stage ?
Is it possible to bring a bicycle on a plane ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How can I improve my piano sight reading ?
How does the USDA grading system work ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do you go about calculating how much you need after retirement ?
Can anyone tell me what this is ?
How can I work out how valuable I am to my boss and company ?
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time ?
How to encourage a toddler to swallow his food ?
How do I convert a ceiling fan with 2 separate wall switches to a separate fan & light switch ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How do I remove a panel from the ceiling of my side porch ?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond ?
How to make good coffee in a Moka pot ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
How do I improve heating in back room of house ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip ?
How do I help a child who is afraid of the dark ?
How did the Vulgar Latin ' parabola ' evolve to mean ' word ' ?
How long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ?
What could be causing my GFCI to trip ?
Is there any difference between an article and a paper ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
Why isn ' t my mini fridge getting cold ?
What is a good substitute for ground veal ?
Can I easily reach Salar de Uyuni in Bolivia , from Puno , Titicaca lake in Peru ?
What do I need to look for in a Y splitter for guitar ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
How can I repair my relationship with my manager ?
What kind of socket is this ?
How do I teach my toddler to chew his food ?
How do I stop my daughter from hitting another child ?
What can I do to fix water coming up from floor drain ?
What is the difference between mono and stereo ?
What could be wrong with my furnace ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
What window part do I need for this window ?
How to test if a toilet is leaking ?
How do I test the functionality of a sump pump ?
Is it inappropriate to spend personal resources for the company ' s benefit ?
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points , or 0.32 percent , to 970 .
" It 's a huge black eye , " Arthur Sulzberger , the newspaper 's publisher , said of the scandal .
" I think there 's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat . "
In New York , Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $ 18.29 .
Myanmar 's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery , her personal physician said Friday .
John Heine , a spokesman for the commission in Washington , declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer 's criticism .
Bremer said he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects , but gave no details .
In Europe , France 's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent , Britain 's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany 's DAX index gained 0.6 percent .
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde 's powerful sonic boom .
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida .
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility .
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty .
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle , 1 a.m. to 1 p.m. , flew toward the southeast .
He has a very good reputation , " RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic " The Passion of Christ " in the United States .
She won the talent portion singing " If I Could " and also won in evening wear .
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $ 2 billion .
The city had requested federal funds , but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $ 3 million .
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia , 62 % are female .
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City , killing seven people , Palestinian sources said .
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires .
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans , but cheap hotel deals made up for it .
More than 10,000 people , most of them civilians , have been killed in three decades of insurgency .
Claudette , the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season , hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 , classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph .
She countersued for $ 125 million , saying G + J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine 's financial figures .
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database .
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc . ( nyse : PEP - news - people ) to report earnings after the close .
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer , Connectix , earlier this year .
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed , a view shared by many in Liberia .
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December .
The dead man , Leon Williams , was found in his third-floor apartment .
It is the nation 's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept . 11 terrorist attacks .
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries .
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach , but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages .
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra .
Khatami , who arrived in Beirut Monday , was also to visit Syria , Yemen and Bahrain .
" At first blush , it doesn 't look like any rules were broken , " said Gen. Richard Myers , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
In Millville yesterday , Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days .
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont , N.C. , got a word that sounded like " zistee " during competition Wednesday .
Tom Kraynak , manager of operations and resources for the Canton , Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council , said investigators are considering the scenario .
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone .
The plan , called The NIH Roadmap , was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia .
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre .
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share .
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear .
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines .
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter .
" For me , the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents , " Mrs Clinton writes .
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , Morgenthau said .
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996 , after earlier studies indicated a possible connection .
Earlier , Bashir 's supporters had defied a police order and cried " Allahu Akbar ( God is Greatest ) " as he walked to his seat .
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries , while three others were treated at the scene .
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares .
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee .
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight .
Coupling , an American version of a hit British comedy , will couple with Friends on Thursdays .
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $ 43.67 .
Aug. 15 , 1982 : Remains of Chapman , Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River .
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else 's rights to use your computer , " McKechnie said .
" They ransacked and burned the two villages completely , " rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush .
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997 .
Generally unwanted — and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent — spam is a nuisance and a distraction , " Gates writes .
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline .
The decision came after " listening to our customers and associates , " Melissa Berryhill , a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart , said .
" It 's a new beginning as far as the courts , Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned , making the criminal justice system work better . "
Texas lawmakers must close a $ 185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September , Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday .
Shares of Hartford were up $ 2.28 , or 5.2 percent , to $ 45.90 in midday trading .
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court .
" We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines , " said Gilles W. Burger , chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections .
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs , violating the station 's two-month-old ban on the group 's music .
The broad Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points , or 0.96 percent , at 929.06 .
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday , May 19 .
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 15.68 , down 74 cents , or 4.5 percent .
In afternoon trading , Aspen 's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $ 2.33 per share .
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money .
When the prime minister 's position was established in the spring , it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat .
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " American Masters " series , " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
Saturday , officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children .
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner 's body floating near the doctor 's houseboat in Portage Bay , where he was eating lunch when his wife , Ethel , left for an appointment .
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone , Hedges cut his speech short .
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday , with his feet free but his hands still taped .
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $ 659 million , or 29 cents a share , on revenue of $ 18 billion .
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive , some brain damage is possible .
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale , one child is in serious condition .
Gulping for air , I started crying and yelling at him , ' What do you mean ?
Sean Harrigan , president of the California Public Employees ' Retirement System , also suggested paring the NYSE 's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry .
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen , 31 , of Fort Worth , Texas .
GlaxoSmithKline , the UK drugmaker , has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US .
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players , Carlton and Granada .
The Swedish central bank , also meeting on Wednesday , is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point .
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park , the country ’ s only park dedicated to ancient ruins .
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses .
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25 , abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach , Va .
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car , and they chatted .
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists .
Daniels said he doesn 't know what Bush will say at tonight 's $ 2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid .
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance .
We 're thrilled to be up 3-2 , ' ' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday .
In a regulatory filing , EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy .
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer .
Only 29 families of frogs are known , most of which were named by the mid-1800s .
" This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community .
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning , as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight .
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls .
Including convertible securities , the total estimated value of the deal is $ 124 million , according to Corel .
The Standard and Poor 's 500-stock index , a broad collection of equities representing leading companies , finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998 .
The court 's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February .
He played four seasons in Miami , including the Dolphins ' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl .
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $ 723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share .
" I know of nobody who pressured anybody , " Douglas Feith , undersecretary of defense for policy , said at a Pentagon briefing .
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July .
Excluding one-time items , it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share .
Byrd , speaking from the Senate floor , said he questioned " the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech . "
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
Tickets , available through Ticketmaster , went on sale yesterday .
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “ victim ” of a fraud .
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte , Peter Lyman and Hal Varian , professors at the University of California-Berkeley 's School of Information Management and Systems .
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified , become uncensored so the American people would know , " Mr. Shelby said on NBC 's " Meet the Press . "
No tumors were detected ; rather , empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place .
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place , preferably by repealing the entire law .
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys , born with their heads conjoined , have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children 's Medical Centre in Dallas .
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed .
" She was crying and she was really scared , " said Yasin .
The euro soared to $ 1.1914 in Asian trading , before slipping back to $ 1.1884 in late European trading , up from $ 1.1857 late Monday .
At Wednesday 's summit , Abbas pledged to end the " armed intefadeh , " renounced " terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be " and alluded to the disarming of militants .
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation 's economic health .
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene .
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent .
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said : ``Today 's announcement came as a surprise .
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry .
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent , or $ 6.31 , to $ 21 , more than doubling in the last two months .
Last week , his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency , but the governor declined to intervene .
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs .
Brian Rohrbough , whose son , Daniel , was killed at Columbine , said the tape raises disturbing issues .
" [ They ] were defined by dedication and courage , " said the CIA 's director George Tenet .
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $ 29.42 Thursday .
License sales , a key measure of demand , fell 21 percent to $ 107.6 million .
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him , according to the arrest warrant affidavit .
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black 's identity .
PeopleSoft 's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer .
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters .
" These are dark days for our industry , " the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association 's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said .
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Spain and Britain .
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY = , virtually flat on the session , and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF = , down 0.1 percent .
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings .
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul , rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition .
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands .
In Texas , public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush 's efforts to house his papers at his father 's presidential library , where they would have remained secret for a half-century .
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1 / 2 inches .
It 's also a strategic win for Overture , given that Knight Ridder had been using Google 's advertising services .
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters , accompanied by rifle bullets .
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus , which allows developers to work in Java , Visual C # and VisualBasic .Net .
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden .
The protesters denounced the country 's supreme leader , hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Hoy confirmed the woman 's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family , but is expected to return this week .
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $ 55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests .
Among them are conversations between police , firefighters and other emergency workers , as well as media inquiries .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR dipped 14 / 32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent .
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far , picking up his 11th on Tuesday .
Oracle shares also rose on the news , up 15 cents to $ 13.51 on the Nasdaq .
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday , with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings .
A Spanish tanker , Sandra Tapias , was to be loaded with another million barrels , bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA , in the afternoon .
Although a small city-state , Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States , with trade volume of $ 33.4 billion last year .
The dollar pushed as high as $ 1.1115 to the euro in early trade , extending Tuesday 's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30 .
The broader market also retreated , having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks .
His first Father 's Day as a dad , his first major as a champion .
It said the patents were " allegedly " assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical , Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership .
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $ 30.6 billion in 2003 , and then grow 15.7 percent to $ 35.4 billion in 2004 .
At the service Morrill 's widow , Ellie , sobbed and hugged Bondeson 's sister-in-law as people consoled her .
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi .
The lawyer for Hollins Jr . , Thomas Royce , has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2 .
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999 .
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus , the first human case in Suffolk County this year , according to the county health department .
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan .
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office .
In the second quarter last year , AK Steel reported a profit of $ 16.2 million , or 15 cents a share .
PG & E 's shares gained 24 cents to $ 15.44 during Tuesday 's trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points , or 2.04 percent , to 1,520.15 .
The decision is " clearly incorrect , " FTC Chairman Tim Muris said .
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive .
" It was a brazen attempt at intimidation , " said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting .
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore .
" It 's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist , " the source said .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters .
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday , threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
" This proposal is modest compared with the space programme , and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it .
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi — despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent , the report says .
" That really affects the companies , big time , " said Jim Santangelo , president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte .
Wal- Mart , Kohl 's Corp. , Family Dollar Stores Inc . , and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street 's modest expectations .
After posting $ 3 million bail , Jackson flew to Las Vegas , where he had been working on a video .
What 's more , companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs , the analyst firm said .
" The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators , " Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday .
In addition , 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine .
" Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now , " said Goodrich , also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children 's Hospital at Montefiore .
Her son would get upset , his mom said , but then turn around and befriend his taunters .
The Nasdaq Composite index , full of technology stocks , was lately up around 18 points .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > added 1.92 points , or 0.12 percent , at 1,647.94 .
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County .
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is , " a cold , calculating killer " .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR jumped 20 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent .
A seventh person , a 21-year-old woman , was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children 's Hospital .
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight , the officials said .
Dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; Atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it .
" In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons . "
" We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States , " Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf .
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use , according to Sendmail .
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure , said his daughter , Nina Axelrod .
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4 .
Early Wednesday , the benchmark 10-year US10YT = RR had lost 16 / 32 in price , driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday .
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc . SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season .
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral , which closed at $ 3.01 Friday .
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $ 44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange .
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC 's claims , and called its recommendations " irresponsible " .
Indeed , Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor " large scale bribery " would solve the issue .
At the accident scene , the driver was " covered in blood " but helped to remove children , Wood said .
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > gained 18.35 points , or 1.13 percent , to 1,646.02 .
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol .
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $ 40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Moose 's book goes on sale Monday , nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area .
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002 , NHTSA said .
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate , which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent .
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar , last up 1 percent at $ 1.6672 .
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results .
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s .
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air .
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept . 29 trial date .
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan , according to some opposition parties .
That is , if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it .
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company , or basically what it should stand for .
The Rev. Christopher Coyne , spokesman for the archdiocese , did not immediately return several calls seeking comment .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 .
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court , but few Balinese attended the trial .
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month .
In early U.S. trading , the euro < EUR = > was down 0.6 percent to $ 1.1741 , after rising to a four-month high of $ 1.1860 .
Previously , it had reported a small profit of $ 12 million , or break-even on a per-share basis , for the period .
Thursday morning , PeopleSoft 's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer .
A coalition of campaign groups , including the militant national students body , is backing the action and is mobilising for protests .
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset , Sapp said .
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations .
It has a chequered safety record , including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths .
Ryan Harvey , a high school outfielder from Florida , was chosen sixth by the Cubs .
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference .
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts .
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel , federal and local governments remained shut down , as did schools and many businesses .
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer , especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin .
On Tuesday , he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America .
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list , which was due to go into effect October 1 .
" I was in the water for about eight seconds .
Adora Obi Nweze , the NAACP state president , said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder .
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths , though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas .
Instead , they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets .
" It has outraged the membership , " said Rian Wathen , organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700 .
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points , or 2.09 percent , to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier .
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power , the company said on its Web site .
Now , Blanca 's husband , 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy , faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February .
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday .
Amazon 's shares yesterday closed at $ 54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market , up 29 cents .
Prince , who heads Citigroup 's global corporate and investment bank , is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO .
Operating revenues rose to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.38 billion last year .
Spot gold was quoted at $ 358.65 / 359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT , having darted as high as $ 359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25 .
In Canada , the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent ( U.S. ) mark .
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights .
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path .
" Yes , I do not wish to be present during this witness , " Peterson , 31 , calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points , or 0.19 percent , to 9,586.71 .
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees .
Of those three , only Dillard 's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment , marketing , procurement , community reinvestment and charitable donations .
" I don 't know whether the person I 'm talking to now may end up being someone else , " Parrish said .
Ruffner , 45 , does not have a lawyer on the murder charge , authorities said .
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations .
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect , the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up , but exempted private clubs from the regulation .
Under the proposed terms of the transaction , and following the spinoff of PalmSource , Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring .
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada , which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government .
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security .
By 2040 , retirees will account for a third of the population , up from a fifth today .
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers , police said .
The Dow Jones industrial average < .DJI > rose 49 points , or 0.47 percent , to 10,578 .
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $ 126 million , or 26 cents per share .
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $ 27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $ 28.91 .
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year , " said Matt Geller , an analyst at CIBC World Markets .
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program , also known as LINEAR .
Both rebels and government forces , including those loyald to Taylor , have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia 's countryside despite a peace deal .
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message .
There is no clear successor for Mr. O 'Neill at Hyundai .
He urged employees to " avoid complacency " and to " change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual . "
Kerkowski and Fassett 's bodies were unearthed at Selenski 's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5 .
We think this was bad law , and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately .
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice .
In the opinion , Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations .
The transaction will expand Callebaut 's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales .
Indonesia 's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM , charges it has generally denied .
Iraq 's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April .
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word " refugee " .
The bulk of the bill - $ 64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The U.S. House of Representatives , the other chamber of Congress , does not vote on treaties .
Dolores E. Mahoy , 68 , of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress .
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange .
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey .
The impact of natural-gas shortages " will touch virtually every American , " Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday .
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia 's sex-symbol status .
Nevada is where the most women smoke , 28 percent .
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $ 2.75 a share .
Lee Janzen , tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left , finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane ( 67 ) at 269 .
In November , Jeffrey Brabakow , the chief executive at the time , said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients .
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines .
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there .
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points .
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons : They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client .
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers , banks and other lenders .
Australia 's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $ 3 and $ 11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night .
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $ 31.90 in after-hours trading in New York .
The head of the local disaster unit , Gyorgy Heizler , said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights .
For the current academic year , tuition at public colleges averaged $ 4,694 , up almost $ 600 from the year before .
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent , down nearly a full percentage point from August .
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance .
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate .
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed .
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday .
On Aug. 8 , Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody .
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves .
" The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient .
Dotson , 21 , was subsequently charged with Dennehy 's murder .
The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax 's senior banks , senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept . 30 , it said .
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow 's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine .
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented .
United has paid $ 34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets .
Shelley 's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far .
On Tuesday , before Byrd 's speech , Fleischer said Bush wanted ' ' to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing .
" The whole thing is a travesty , " fumed Brent Newbury , president of the Rockland County Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association .
" It 's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case , " Sax added .
Unifi official Rob O 'Neill said : " The gloves are off .
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers , with final assembly in Germany .
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report .
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal .
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty .
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks , " Carney added .
" The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum , and we won 't give up , " said Marc Blondel , leader of the Force Ouvriere union .
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management , Oracle intends to " fully support PeopleSoft customers and products " for many years to come .
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the " American Masters " series , " Arthur Miller , Elia Kazan and the Blacklist : None Without Sin . "
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package .
The world 's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them .
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters .
Before the meeting , Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state .
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $ 9.95 .
" We don 't know everything [ but ] what we know suggests that we should take what they 're saying seriously , " he said .
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico , and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping .
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $ 33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $ 44.50 , up $ 1.78 , or 4.2 percent , on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December . "
The submission was on Monday , but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam .
Lower courts have splintered on the issue , allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others .
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft .
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) to discuss the interim structure .
Sandy Mitchell , 44 , from Kirkintilloch , Glasgow , and William Sampson , a British citizen born in Glasgow , face beheading in public .
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls .
He was arrested in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off .
O 'Brien 's attorney , Jordan Green , declined to comment .
In a statement issued by his solicitors , Mr Hadley said : " I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings .
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon , one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire .
" We don 't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place , " he said .
July 10 - The Bush administration 's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs .
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points , or 0.39 percent , at 1,645.66 .
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores .
Brian Halla , CEO of NatSemi , claimed the deal made sense for both companies .
Of those who signed the letter , 57 are senators , including 24 Republicans .
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April .
As of this week , 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department .
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day , by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville .
The analyst , already let go by Merrill , can request a hearing before a NASD panel .
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords , the Web site said .
Bush , however , also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans .
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio , a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn 't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition .
" I 'm very proud of the citizens of this state , " said Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe .
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante .
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23 .
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery .
Maddox , who had battled cancer since 1983 , cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery .
Graham , who co-chaired the inquiry , is a presidential candidate .
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment .
Schools that don 't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers .
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative , investigators said , that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes .
Analysts polled by Reuters Research , a unit of Reuters Group Plc , on average forecast profit of $ 1.69 per share .
Two more died later , and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration , hypothermia and suffocation .
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated , saying he had faith in the US justice system .
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side .
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants , said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool .
The trial , which could last until early 2004 , is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday .
The PCs are scattered across the United States , Canada and South Korea .
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability , which affects Windows NT 4.0 , Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition , Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 .
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000 .
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks .
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years , he said .
The appetizer devoured , Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald 's LPGA Championship .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > rose 6 points , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 .
According to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures .
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores .
Noah Wyle , who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994 , has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV .
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications , AT & T and Sprint Communications .
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was " not an international public health concern . "
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students , a teacher and themselves at the school .
" We condemn and denounce the Governing Council , which is headed by the United States , " Moqtada al-Sadr said .
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion .
In a statement distributed today , 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud .
Between 1960 and 2000 , however , the state 's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485 .
Bryant , 24 , has been charged with felony sexual assault .
Jay Fishman , 51 , chairman and chief executive of St Paul , will be chief executive of the combined company .
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border , officials said .
Douglas Meester , 20 , is charged with rape , sodomy , indecent assault , and providing alcohol to minors .
Total revenue for the second quarter was $ 1.48 billion , up 7 % from $ 1.39 billion in the same period last year .
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston .
The show 's creator and executive producer , Phil Rosenthal , quipped in a statement : " We had a big contract negotiation .
Pataki said if power was restored , state workers would be back on the job Friday morning .
Bolivia 's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday , leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread .
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month , on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains .
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks .
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack , the military said Sunday .
Dell 's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer , scanner and copier functions for $ 89 .
The International Committee of the Red Cross , fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq , announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra .
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign , of which he was a member , said he was researching a schools exchange project .
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot , ' ' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord , to strangle some of the victims .
Jane Doe , deciding to fight the subpoena , asked Verizon to withhold her name .
" It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week , and I had to get my pitch .
In a case in August , a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS .
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector , while a number below that level indicates contraction .
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building .
Johnston made $ 5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president , and as a part-time adviser earned $ 1 million in 2002 .
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area , Morris said .
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout , family members knew it was an uneven match , Jodie Meyers , Stacy Young 's sister , said .
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday .
On Wall Street , the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1 .
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted .
Congress twice passed similar bills , but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times .
" I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative .
Under the program , US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States .
In 1999 , two years before his death , Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years .
Her 20-year-old sister , Allyson , was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition .
As of yesterday , the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603 .
Telemarketing Associates , hired by VietNow , raised $ 7.1 million from 1987 to 1995 .
Warren David Campbell , 32 , and climbing companion Jonathan Smith , 47 , did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D 'Archiac in the McKenzie District .
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April , officials said .
The Democrat 's 2000 platform didn 't explicitly support gay marriages but backed " the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation . "
The stock had risen 63 cents , or 3 percent , to close at $ 20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading .
Still , Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist .
Mr. McCall , who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002 , styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance .
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks .
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent , to $ 645 million from $ 600 million in 2002 .
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon , 10 feet above flood stage , the National Weather Service said .
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations .
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson , 43 , was agitated when she came to the church , in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city 's east side .
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders .
A pro-independence radical , Miodrag Zivkovic , of the Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Georgia has received all but $ 70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI .
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated , but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender .
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22 , a one-day record , and 55 new cases on May 23 , making its epidemic the world 's fastest-growing .
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat , and he immediately appealed the decision .
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94 , or 0.4 percent , at 8,945.50 , having slipped 3.61 points Monday .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR lost 16 / 32 , taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent .
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia , about 48km north ; their conditions were not immediately available .
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10 .
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs , up 0.5 percent on the day .
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins , Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three , with several weeks between each .
The company has expanded those basic services , offering payment and even financing .
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people .
In 2001 , President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association , the largest U.S. lender for students .
The waves of scandal angered not only victims ' advocates but parishioners and some priests , to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese .
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
The department 's stance disappointed some abortion opponents , and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush .
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS , South Africa has the world 's highest AIDS caseload .
As executive vice president of new ventures , Elias will report to Joe Tucci , EMC 's president and chief executive .
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander .
And if that ain 't a Democrat , then I must be in the wrong meeting , " he said to thunderous applause from his supporters .
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $ 425 million and today is called MSN TV .
The Maine program could be a model for other states .
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O 'Connor , David H. Souter , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer .
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which plans to appeal , was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates .
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006 .
" Today , we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin ( news - web sites ) and President Bush ( news - web sites ) . "
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts .
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9 : 30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay .
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June , a record high , from 10.6 in May .
" I am being forced into exile by the world 's superpower , " Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home .
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay , leading the investigation , said : " There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area .
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell 's personal and financial affairs , the former mayor has said .
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday , saying that he never discussed personnel matters .
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla .
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella , bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth .
TNK-BP has six oil producing units , five refineries and 2,100 filling stations .
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan , Libeskind said .
Revenue was up a tad , from $ 610.6 million to $ 616.5 million .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > jumped 26 points , or 1.78 percent , to 1,516 .
Peter Deutsch , D-Fla . , said he wanted to congratulate the FDA .
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo .
And , globally , the number of active probable cases has declined to 573 .
The 21-year-old eagle , found by a zookeeper early Thursday , had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back , spokeswoman Julie Mason said .
Still , Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997 , Agnew said .
Whitley 's attorney , Marc Garber , called the ruling " a huge victory . "
Shares of BioReliance sold at $ 47.98 at the close of market yesterday , down 2 cents .
Just five months ago , Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt .
Throughout China 's mainland , the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270 .
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents , and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac , Windows and Unix file servers .
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment .
DeVries , who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001 , has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused .
On the week , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points , while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points .
Nuremberg , Germany-based SuSE will license Sun 's Java 2 Standard Edition ( J2SE ) and ship Sun 's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line .
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work .
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike 's effects .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points , or 0.51 percent , to 1,670.21 .
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon .
" We 're being hyper-vigilant , " said Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety .
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn , beating expectations .
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July .
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company .
" This attack was wrong , and it was dangerous to our goals , " Raymond said .
" We haven 't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line , " said Dave Richardson , the ICC 's cricket manager .
Shinseki 's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia .
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis .
" But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm . "
Ross Garber , Rowland 's legal counsel , said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal .
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district .
NEW YORK - ( Dow Jones ) - Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering .
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation , reversing a lower court decision .
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi 's face on television , the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java .
Under the agreement , Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006 .
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday .
" Biotech products , if anything , may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing , " said Robert Fraley , Monsanto 's executive vice president .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points , or 0.11 percent , to 9,837.94 .
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 , just hours before the first American air assault .
A nationally board certified teacher with a master 's degree , Kelley , in his 30th year teaching , makes $ 65,000 .
In Vienna , the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran 's invitation , but said no date had yet been set .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 .
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November , but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months .
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder .
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $ 8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period .
Gerry Kiely , a EU agriculture representative in Washington , said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform .
Next , Baltimore took Nick Markakis , a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia .
Alhart said the governor " remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions . "
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection .
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday .
" The other guy , he 's ashamed of his party , and I don 't blame him .
Since then , Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through .
There is , however , no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday .
Dynes will be paid $ 395,000 a year ; Atkinson 's salary is $ 361,400 .
" But they did not , as of the time of this particular tragic event , provide the security we had requested , " Mr Jordan said .
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22 .
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc . No. 1 Chevrolet , beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe 's Motor Speedway next week .
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year 's final .
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow .
The broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points , or 0.44 percent , to 980.52 .
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic .
None of the casualties was Americans , said Capt. Michael Calvert , regiment spokesman .
" We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose , " Ellison said .
" We have found the smoking gun , " said Hubbard , director of NASA 's Ames Research Center in California .
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase , who won democratic elections in September 2001 .
But Vincent Weafer , security director with Symantec Security Response , said all the virus did was visit a pornography site .
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen .
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers , saying that Apple 's Safari is now all that Apple needs .
Mr. Chapman , who hasn 't been arrested , is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday , prosecutors said .
President Bush has raised $ 83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May , and has $ 70 million of that left to spend , his campaign said Tuesday .
So far , authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan .
" They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded , unscientific fears , " Bush said .
France , which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war , also sought changes .
No charges have been filed in those deaths , but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were " continuing to make significant progress " in the case .
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence , which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003 , improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter .
In a 6-3 ruling , the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in " limited circumstances . "
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement .
Above that , Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs .
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi , a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize , at her lakeside home , where she is under house arrest .
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey .
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy " could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth " .
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users .
Kathy Nicolo ( Jennifer Connelly ) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart .
The 30-year bond US30YT = RR grew 1-3 / 32 for a yield of 4.30 percent , down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday .
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March .
Last week , his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing .
" It looks very much like an isolated event , " World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said .
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead .
The Rev. John Johnston , 64 , was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon , according to a police statement .
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch .
Plaintiffs ' attorneys would get $ 4.1 million of the settlement .
It would take three votes to kill the ACC 's expansion .
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay , many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
To reach Brad Cooper , Johnson County municipal reporter , call ( 816 ) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper @ kcstar.com .
Members of Kathleen Peterson 's family were not present .
At first blush , then , the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place .
And now it 's anything he wants to say , " confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley .
The Episcopal Church , with 2.3 million members , is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion , which has 77 million adherents .
" We still have a lot to do , but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story . "
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames .
Ebbers ' lawyer , Reid Weingarten , said despite the thorough investigation , " the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions . "
In morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76 , or 0.1 percent , at 9,310.20 , having gained 201 points Monday .
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America .
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi , alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities .
Marcel Desailly , the France captain and Chelsea defender , believes the latter is true .
Officials in Chechnya 's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels , and tension is running high ahead of Sunday 's presidential election in the war-ravaged region .
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save .
Trading of EchoStar 's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $ 32.17 , up $ 1.54 .
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local .
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public .
If convicted , each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $ 250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved .
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk .
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R & D site in Munich , Germany , for GSM and UMTS handsets .
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside , where most of its 1.3 billion people live .
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year .
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday , as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America .
Passengers were evacuated smoothly , although they were not told what was going on , he said .
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation .
From 1993 to 2002 , there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy .
In the seconds after the crash , she added , Captain Smith said simply , " Oh my God . "
According to the report , average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990 .
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad .
" He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it , " she said .
For the full year period ending June 30 , 2003 , high-speed lines increased by 45 percent .
Young faces a fine , suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry .
He said : “ They were an inspirational couple , selfless and courageous .
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law .
The other victim , Michael Walker , of 550 Barbey Street , was struck in the neck .
According to the State Department list , about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months , about half in the past three weeks .
In an interview , Ms. Healey , who is a criminologist , said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment .
A county firefighter , was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center .
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang , a police spokesman , confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested , one in Jakarta and another in Magelang , Central Java .
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse .
Still , Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company .
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire .
Five alternate jurors also were selected , with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday .
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive .
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday 's ruling .
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings , Mukhlas , as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow .
Philadelphia 's council is not the first to defy the national policy .
He said he wasn 't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right , in both foreign and domestic policy .
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney .
Meanwhile , Funny Cide 's trainer , Barclay Tagg , called the allegations " ridiculous . "
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days .
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call .
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM 's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company .
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys .
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday .
" We think it 's great news , " said Enron spokesman Eric Thode .
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample .
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially .
" I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic , " Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio .
Terri Schiavo , 39 , underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years , said her father , Bob Schindler .
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations , and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year .
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak , Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble .
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell .
Gold 's bounce pulled other precious metals higher , sending silver to $ 4.83 / 85 an ounce from $ 4.80 / 82 last quoted in New York .
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center , where staff said he was " doing okay . "
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.21 , or 42 percent , to $ 20.90 after hitting $ 21.36 earlier .
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March ; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts .
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be " hard-pressed " to veto the lottery sunset bill .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points , or 0.48 percent , to 1,773.54 .
Kentucky : Republican Ernie Fletcher , a three-term House member , is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler .
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53 .
Enron 's stock comprised as much as 61 % of the workers ' 401 ( k ) portfolios .
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain .
She said she didn 't know yet whether she would certify the budget .
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call ( RPC ) protocol , which deals with inter-computer communications .
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems , skeptics argue , so do smoking and high cholesterol , which are not considered diseases .
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women 's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday .
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities .
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach .
The letter indicates the Vatican 's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church .
" Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks , now they are lucky to catch one , " Myers said .
Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady , has a book out Monday titled Living History .
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent , or 81 cents , at $ 31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange .
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map .
Murphy said Strier 's sister , Ethel Celnik , was in the courtroom at the time , but Strier was not .
It will cost about $ 20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks .
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote , support , attack or oppose a candidate at any time .
In response to sluggish sales , Cisco pared spending .
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski , a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528 , with the fifth pick .
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen .
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday , a gain of 0.4 % for the day and 0.7 % for the week .
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press : " Right from the beginning , we didn 't want to see anyone take a cut in pay .
In turning down the NIMA offer , Gehman said , ' ' there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here .
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department .
At 11 a.m. EDT , Fabian 's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west , or about 550 miles east of the Leewards .
On Saturday , Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi .
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees ; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points , or 2.89 percent , to 1,553.73 .
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon .
Ms Cohen Alon 's lawyer , Donald Levine , confirmed she tried to sell the story in February .
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical .
" I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage , " Hubbard said .
" Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake 's internal personnel decision , " Sundwall said .
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti , one of the ancient world 's legendary beauties .
The rovers act as robotic geologists , moving on six wheels .
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account .
A passionate nationalist , Mr. D 'Alessandro said : " Canada is a small country , and we need more companies like this . "
That victim , a New Jersey resident , was in critical but stable condition at the hospital .
At 11 a.m. ( 1500 GMT ) , the 10-year note US10YT = RR was up 11 / 32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday .
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit .
InterActiveCorp 's shares closed at $ 34.19 , down $ 2.81 , or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market .
" But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech . "
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense .
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured .
Shares of LendingTree rose $ 6.03 , or 41 percent , to close at $ 20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday .
Two years ago , the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate .
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share .
" I 'm still not red-hot favourite , " Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) on centre court .
He also said Shockey is " living the dream life of a New York athlete .
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering .
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months .
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index < .IXIC > advanced 6 points , or 0.30 percent , to 2,053 , erasing earlier losses .
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial ( JP : 8316 : news , chart , profile ) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen .
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports , and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis , the official said .
When his grandmother , then-Princess Elizabeth , turned 21 in 1947 , the day was declared a public holiday , and she attended a reception and a ball .
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury .
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m .
In addition , the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ' ' fewer than 10 ' ' investigations involving visits to mosques .
Outside the court , Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong .
" Our fundamental values haven 't changed , " Mary Sue Coleman , president of the university , said in a statement in Ann Arbor .
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter , bringing its known total to 60 .
The stock rose 48 cents to $ 30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading .
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O 'Connor and Antonin Scalia .
The church 's lawyer , Shirley Phelps-Roper , was clear : " What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution , " she said .
When you crossed the line , you violated the constitutional right , " said Charles Weisselberg , who teaches law at the University of California , Berkeley .
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening , law enforcement sources said .
As of Wednesday , there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region .
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points , or 0.81 percent , to finish at 1,700.34 .
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share , or $ NZ158 million .
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional .
Messagelabs , which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world , has labeled the worm " high risk " and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries .
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels .
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein 's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials .
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse 's arrest from the local magistrate 's office .
Miodrag Zivkovic , the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance , came in second with 31 percent of the vote .
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case .
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $ 13.62 .
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds .
With all precincts reporting , Fletcher had 88,747 votes , or 57 percent of the total .
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered , Oracle said in a statement .
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms .
Coca-Cola Co . ( KO ) reported higher profit for the quarter , helped by European demand , early on Thursday .
Yucaipa bought Dominick 's in 1995 for $ 693 million and sold it to Safeway for $ 1.8 billion in 1998 .
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1 % .
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea .
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque .
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $ 4,794 and graduate fees to $ 5,019 .
A man wearing a hard hat is dancing .
An air plane is taking off .
A child is riding a horse .
The man is feeding a mouse to the snake .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza .
Two men are playing chess .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is playing a flute .
A man seated is playing the cello .
A man is cutting onions .
Two men are fighting .
A man is skating .
The man is playing the guitar .
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing .
The man is erasing the chalk board .
A person throws a cat on the ceiling .
The man spanked the other man with a stick .
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms .
A man is playing a bamboo flute .
Someone is folding a piece of paper .
A panda dog is running on the road .
A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back .
A woman is carrying her baby .
A girl is brushing her hair .
A polar bear is sliding across the snow .
A woman is swimming .
Three men are on stage playing guitars .
A cat is rubbing against a baby .
A man is riding on a horse .
A man pours wine in a pot .
A girl is playing a guitar .
A panda slides down a slide .
A group of boys are playing soccer on the beach .
A woman is eating meat .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A woman is peeling a potato .
Men are playing cricket .
A boy falls off his bike .
A man is playing a flute .
A woman is playing a flute .
A cougar is chasing a bear .
A hare is running from a eagle .
A man chops down a tree with an axe .
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop .
A woman measures another woman 's ankle .
A girl running is flying a kite .
A man rode a mechanical bull .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
A woman is slicing something .
A man is slicing an onion .
A man is pouring oil into a skillet .
A lion is playing with two men .
A dog is riding a skateboard .
A man is carving a statue .
A man is cutting an onion .
A woman is peeling shrimp .
A woman is cooking fish .
The lady sang into the microphone .
A woman is playing a guitar .
A baby is playing with a doll .
A man is slicing a cucumber .
A person is slicing some meat .
A person is cutting an onion .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A man climbs a rope .
A woman is playing the violin .
A man is playing the guitar .
A man is cutting up carrots .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A woman is cutting tofu .
A boy is playing key board .
A man is riding a bicycle .
A man is playing an electric guitar .
A dog is licking a baby .
Kittens are eating from dishes .
A man is cutting and onion .
A man is playing the drums .
A man is playing the guitar .
A woman is cutting a red pepper .
A man plays the drum .
A woman is riding a horse .
A man is eating a banana .
A man is playing two keyboards .
A man is spitting .
A man cut a tree with an axe .
A little boy plays with a toy phone .
A woman is cooking something .
A lady is playing the guitar .
A man is riding a horse .
A man is riding a horse .
A man is playing a trumpet .
A man is playing a trumpet .
A man is playing a trumpet .
An animal is chewing on a key chain .
A squirrel runs around in circles .
A man cuts an onion .
A man and woman kiss .
A man is getting into a car in a garage .
A man is talking .
A man is talking .
A man is playing the guitar .
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife .
A man is cutting up a fish .
A tiger is walking around .
A person is peeling an onion .
A man is playing the trumpet .
A woman is peeling an apple .
A panda bear is eating some bamboo .
A person is peeling an eggplant .
The monkey pushed the other monkey .
A squirrel is moving in circles .
A man ties his shoe .
A boy is playing the piano .
A dog is eating a piece of watermelon .
A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .
A man peeled a potatoe .
A man plays a guitar .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is slicing onion .
A man is slicing a bun .
A woman is swimming underwater .
A man and woman is eating .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A panda slides down a slide .
A dog is chasing a ball .
The men are playing basketball .
A man is riding on a motorcycle .
A man is singing and playing a guitar .
The man is talking on the phone .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is exercising .
A man is talking .
A man slaps a woman .
Two bays are dancing .
A man is riding a horse .
A man is playing flute .
A girl is riding a horse .
A monkey is riding a bike .
A woman is peeling potato .
A man is slicing potato .
Someoen is playing guitar .
A woman is cutting an onion .
A girl is riding a bicycle .
A woman is slicing ginger .
A man is cutting a paper plate .
The woman is slicing herbs .
A man is playing the flute .
The man is playing the violin .
A man is lifting weights .
A woman is breading some meat .
A man is playing a keyboard piano .
Two zebras are playing in a field .
The lady cut up a green onion .
A woman is boiling noodles in water .
A slow loris is biting a persons finger .
Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling .
A person is playing the piano .
A man is slicing some potato .
A woman plays on a flute .
A boy is looking at a calendar .
A woman is chopping onions .
A man plays a guitar .
A woman is sewing on a machine .
A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes .
A woman is slicing a pumpkin .
A man and woman is dancing .
A woman is riding a horse .
A car is driving down the road .
A woman is kneading dough .
A woman is slicing an onion .
A man is talking on a phone .
A man is riding on a horse .
A woman is dancing .
A man is eating .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is playing a piano .
A man is cooking .
A man is dancing .
A man is singing and playing the guitar .
A monkey is swinging from tree to tree .
The people got off the train at the station .
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl .
A dog bounces on a trampoline .
A man is playing a trumpet .
A band is playing onstage .
A man sings and plays the guitar .
A woman is slicing a tomato .
A man climbs up a rope .
A man is climbing a wall .
A herd of elephants are walking along a trail .
A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle .
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair .
A turtle is walking underwater .
Two women are wrestling on the floor .
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball .
A kangaroo is eating .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is cutting carpet with a knife .
A man is riding a motor scooter .
Someone is slicing a tomato .
A man is talking .
A man plays the guitar .
A dog licks a baby .
A man is slicing a tomato .
A woman is applying stickers to her face .
A man slices potatoes .
A man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar .
The woman is dicing garlic .
The dog is playing with a plastic container .
A squirrel runs in circles .
A boy is walking across a bridge .
A man seated in a room is playing the guitar .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is playing violin .
A man is playing a piano .
A man is eating something .
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl .
A man is playing a piano .
A man guts a fish .
The men are putting suitcases into the car 's trunk .
A little girl is walking down a hallway .
The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes .
A man is slicing a bun .
A animated airplane is landing .
A woman is balling dough .
A man is playing a harp .
A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area .
A cat is eating corn on the cob .
A woman picks up a baby kangaroo .
A fish is swimming .
Two women make something in a blender .
A man is climbing a rope .
A person is surfing .
A man is stabbing a target .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is spreading butter onto bread .
A woman is boiling noodles in water .
A man is eating a piece of bread .
A group of people are dancing .
A man is eating pasta .
A man is playing flute .
A woman is mixing meat .
A woman is cutting an onion .
A man is picking flowers .
A woman is riding a donkey .
A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher .
A man is cutting carpet with a knife .
The woman is playing the flute .
A woman dances in the rain out side .
Two pandas are laying together .
Some people are dancing on stage .
A baby is laughing and giggling .
A boy is playing a piano .
A woman is riding a horse .
A woman is slicing a pepper .
The man is dancing .
A man plays the piano .
Two cats are fighting each other .
A person is writing with a pencil .
A woman is singing on stage .
A man is playing a guitar .
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot .
A man is running down a road .
A woman is flouring and rolling dough .
Woman is adding sugar to meat .
A woman is pouring water on fish .
A little boy is playing a guitar .
A cheetah is running across a field .
A man is eating a slice of pizza .
A monkey is riding on a bus .
A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle .
A man and woman are talking on the phone .
A man is cleaning a glass door .
A young man is singing while playing the guitar .
A man is singing while playing the guitar .
A woman is using a hoe .
A man is driving a car .
A young girl is using sign language .
A woman is doing her hair .
An elderly man is getting into a red car .
A large green ball hits a potato .
Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood .
A cat is playing a piano .
Dogs are swimming in a pool .
A man is adding a silencer to a gun .
The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe .
A woman is cutting tofu .
A herd of caribou are crossing a road .
A man is riding a horse .
Someone is playing a piano .
Someone is riding a horse .
Someone is sewing things .
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse .
A woman is picking up a kangaroo .
A cat is playing with a camera .
Two men are playing guitar .
A little girl is walking down the street .
A man is cutting carpet with a knife .
A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread .
A man is running on rope .
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon .
The lady broke raw eggs into a bowl .
A woman is cutting a lemon .
A man is cutting an onion .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man is riding a horse .
A man is cutting a potato .
A woman is chopping octopus .
A woman is cutting a tomato .
A dog is running through water .
A woman is putting flour onto some meat .
A man is eating bread .
A man is playing a guitar .
Foxes are eating from a plate .
A boy is playing the piano .
Someone is playing a keyboard .
A boy is looking at a calendar .
A man is spitting .
Someoen is peeling a potato .
A man is singing to a woman .
A woman is slicing meat .
A man is dancing .
A man plays an acoustic guitar .
A woman is riding an elephant .
A woman is kneading dough .
A woman is playing violin .
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack .
A car is driving down the road .
A woman is chopping a potato .
Smeone is laying down .
A man is draining pasta .
A woman is exercising .
A woman is slicing fish .
A man is playing a flute .
A woman is cutting up some meat .
A man is eating a banana .
A man is riding a scooter .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man played the guitar .
A man is cleaning the house .
A man is cutting paper .
A man is playing a guitar .
A man jumps onto a short wall .
Runners compete in a race .
A man is mixing a bowl .
A woman is riding a horse .
A woman is slicing cucumber .
A woman is taking a bath .
A man is putting meat in a pan .
A guy is playing an instrument .
A man is slicing a potato .
A woman is cleaning a garden .
A man is melting butter in a pan .
Men are sawing logs .
Kids are dancing .
A man is playing piano .
A man is giving an interview .
A woman is peeling a prawn .
A girl is walking down a road .
A woman is mixing food in a bowl .
A man is driving a car .
A car is backing out of a blocked lane .
Someone is chopping some cabbage leaves .
The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza .
A boy plays a piano .
A man is hugging and kissing a woman .
A man is playing a guitar .
A animal is walking around .
A man is playing a keyboard .
A man is riding a mo-pad .
A boy is vacuuming .
A band is playing on a stage .
A group of people get off a train .
A woman is breading some meat .
A dog is walking around a pool .
A man is applying butter to bread .
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid .
A woman is cutting some vegetables .
A man is doing yoga .
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera .
A lion is pacing in a pen .
A man is cutting a potato .
A woman is playing a guitar .
The horse is running .
A woman is cutting onion .
A man is dancing in rain .
A woman is washing a freezer .
A person is playing the keyboard .
A man walks across a tight rope .
A woman is cutting a jalepeno .
A dog swims after a tennis ball .
A woman is preparing shrimp to cook .
A little kid is running around a fishing pole .
A man is walking down a road .
A man is making a speech at the podium .
A kid is playing keyboard .
A man is riding on a horse .
The person is slicing cheese .
A man is shooting a gun .
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny .
An airplane moves along a runway .
A woman is slicing meat with a knife .
A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle .
A woman is cutting a potato .
A man is riding a white horse .
A man is riding a horse .
A monkey is fighting a man .
A man is squeezing water .
A man is shooting off a gun .
A man is swinging on a rope .
A man is carrying another man on his back .
A man shows off a small monkey .
A man is folding paper .
A person is holding a skunk .
A man with a pistol shoots another man .
The man sang and played his guitar .
A man is smoking a cigarette .
A man is driving a car .
The man is holding a lemur .
A man is playing a key-board .
A woman is riding a horse .
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man .
Zebras are socializing .
A woman slices tofu .
Three men are playing guitars and singing together .
Elephants spray themselves with water .
A man is walking down the street .
The dog is standing at the counter .
A man drills a hole in a piece of wood .
A woman is dancing in railway station .
A man is staring out the window .
A skunk looks at the camera .
The woman is dicing garlic .
A badger is digging the earth .
A man is playing a flute .
A baby is laughing and giggling .
A helicopter lands .
A woman is slicing meat .
A man is playing a guitar .
A woman rides an elephant .
A puppy is pushing itself backwards .
A chef prepared a meal .
A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves .
A dog is walking along the edge of a pool .
A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon .
A person is drawing .
A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam .
A man sings with a guitar .
A large turtle crawls in the grass .
The lady sliced up the meat .
A woman is pouring batter into a bowl .
A man is using a laptop .
A woman is riding a water scooter .
Two people flipped tractor tires in a race .
A man is crawling .
A person riding a mechanical bull
A woman is using a sewing machine .
Kittens are eating food on trays .
A group of people are dancing .
A woman is cutting raw fish .
Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail .
A baby is crawling across the floor .
A person is playing a piano .
A woman is painting her lips .
A woman is feeding a man .
A man is peeling a carrot .
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo .
A dog is laying on the floor .
A dog is barking at a fly .
A man is playing his guitar .
A boy is playing a wooden flute .
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl .
A tied man is putting into water .
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino .
A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion .
A woman is carrying a kangaroo .
A dog opens a can of food .
A man catches a fish .
A man is busting concrete .
A man is slicing a leave .
A child is stuck in a dog house .
Men are falling into a pool .
A man is slicing some carrots .
A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword .
A woman is swimming .
A woman is dancing .
The machine shaved the end of the pencil .
A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky .
A bear is fighting wolves .
A woman relaxes in an inner tube .
A man is playing a flute .
A man is kissing a woman in stage .
A woman is watching television .
A woman is slicing potatoes .
A man is playing the guitar .
A woman is peeling garlic .
A woman is cutting vegetable .
A man is slicing a cucumber .
A baby plays with a dog and ball .
A woman is slicing up some green leaves .
Four people are floating on a raft .
A man turns on the microwave .
The girl trotted the horse .
A man is cutting a potato .
A gorilla plays the drums .
A rocket exploded .
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it .
A woman is shredding chicken .
A person is slicing a tomato .
A helicopter flies over water .
A boy is pouring something from a pitcher .
A woman is riding on an elephant .
A man is playing the guitar .
An older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove .
A dog is walking along a pool .
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl .
A woman is peeling a potato .
A man is eating .
A man gets knocked off of a horse .
A woman is chopping cilantro .
A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle .
A man is rinsing a steak .
Two men are playing ping pong .
A man is kicking a soccer ball .
A person is slicing carrots in half .
A person is blow torching cameras .
A man is cutting open a box .
The lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil .
A woman plays the clarinet .
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk .
A woman is dancing in the street .
A woman is cutting some octopus .
A woman is slicing up some pork .
A man is shooting off guns .
A band is playing on stage .
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board .
A woman is kneading tortilla dough .
A baby is playing a guitar .
The woman is tapping her fingers on the table .
The rhino grazed on the grass .
A man is talking to a woman .
A lion is walking around .
A man is performing stunts .
The woman is slicing herbs .
Polar bears are fighting each other .
A dog is riding a skateboard .
The woman is poking holes in the potato .
A man pours water over a pilots head .
A man and a woman shake hands .
A man is performing a card trick .
A woman is wake boarding on a lake .
Trees are hit by very hard winds .
A cat plays with a small bottle .
A woman is frying shrimp .
The woman is playing the violin .
A man is slicing a tomato .
A woman is playing the violin .
A person is dicing an onion .
A person cuts ginger .
A woman is dancing .
A couple are eating a meal and talking .
A woman walks her dog down the street .
A man is turning over tables in anger .
A man is giving a woman a massage .
A girl plays a wind instrument .
Some people are singing .
A cat is licking from a saucer of milk .
A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver .
A boy sits on a bed , sings and plays a guitar .
A woman is applying eyeshadow .
A man is doing a card trick .
Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts .
The man and woman are walking .
A boy is playing a game on a laptop .
The women are singing and dancing .
Men jump in a river .
An officer is talking to recruits .
A man is putting foods in a box .
the man used a stenograph .
A woman is making noodles .
A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too .
Some men are playing soccer .
A man climbs up a rope .
A man is taking a picture .
A man puts vegetables into a pot .
A woman is slicing garlic .
Some men are sawing .
Two men are pushing carts .
The man played his guitar .
A woman puts rice into a pan .
A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean .
Someone is handling a bun .
A boy is playing a guitar .
A man is emptying a plastic container .
A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet .
A man is leading a horse around by it 's halter .
A piece of paper is being cut .
A woman is peeling a potato .
The lady peeled the shrimp .
A man tries to read the paper .
A man is holding a animal .
A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes .
A woman is pouring a yellow mixture on a frying pan .
A monkey pulled a dogs tail .
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl .
The cricket player hit the ball .
A woman is placing eggs into a pan .
A woman is slicing a cucumber .
A hamster is singing .
A man in a hat sings a song .
Someone is typing .
A soccer player scores a goal .
A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan .
A woman splashes around in the ocean 's waves .
A man sprays another man with water from a hose .
A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl .
A man is showing a t shirt .
Three men are jumping off a wall .
The man poured oil on the tomato slices .
The man played his guitar with a friend .
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges .
A cat is licking a small bottle .
A young man is talking to a leaf .
A girl is putting on eye makeup .
A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl .
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it 's back .
A woman is dancing on a stage .
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off .
A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert .
A man is talking into a microphone .
A young man is dancing .
A woman is peeling potato .
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl .
A woman is dancing in the rain .
The ladies are performing a dance .
A man breaks a stick .
A sea turtle is hunting for fish .
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid .
A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders .
The beaver is being petted .
A man is spreading out dough .
A girl is tapping her finger nails .
A woman walks her dog onto astro turf .
Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums .
A man is showing his dog to the camera .
A man is walking with several dogs .
A person is cleaning a disk .
A man is playing a guitar .
Two women are singing .
Different sets of teams are playing football on a field .
An animal is walking on the ground .
Someone is riding a horse .
A man rides a water toy in the water .
A woman is slicing a carrot .
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla .
A man is dancing .
A man and and woman are running together , holding hands .
Women are dancing outside .
A boy is talking to a giant dog .
A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet .
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet .
A person is cutting boiled egg into pieces .
A male and female robot are kissing .
The cat teased the dog by touching his head .
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow .
A rhino is grazing in a field .
The dog ran in the water at the beach .
A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball .
A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her .
Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer .
A cat and a boy play together .
The dog is playing with the floor cleaner .
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread .
A couple slow dances .
A panda is lying down .
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove .
A horse is running .
A onion is being chopped .
A group of swimmers fall into a pool .
A young girl is singing on a stage .
A man pours cleaner in his sink .
A man is eating bread .
A person cuts a big green pepper apart .
A woman spices some seafood .
A cat is playing on the floor .
A girl loses her kite .
A woman is frying meat .
A monkey is wading across a marsh .
A panda bear is eating .
The man is writing a letter .
A boy is screaming .
A boy is doing push ups .
A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl .
A cheetah chases prey on across a field .
Someone is cutting a tomato .
A onion is being sliced .
A woman is grilling pineapples .
A man is slicing garlic .
A person is mixing a pot .
A dog is pulling a girl down a hill .
A truck is going down a hill .
A youngster is sitting on a piano .
The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail .
A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces .
The man is stirring oil .
A baby sneezed and scared another baby .
A man is cutting a vegetable .
A woman is swimming in the water .
A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone .
The little dog barked at the electronic toy .
A man is preparing some dish .
A man is talking .
A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind .
A woman jumps hurdles on a horse .
A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light .
A boy is riding a bicycle .
The man is exercising .
A man is playing a flute .
A woman stirs eggs in a bowl .
A man is holding a slow loris .
A woman plays an electric guitar .
A person is holding two baby lorises .
A rabbit is kissing another rabbit .
A hedgehog is biting at a blanket .
A slow loris hanging on a cord .
A man is jumping into water from a cliff .
A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer .
A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker .
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water .
A kitten is playing with a woman 's finger .
A Guinea pig eats a carrot .
Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them .
A woman is cleaning a shrimp .
The man sat in his suit and smoked .
Someone is cutting paper .
A person is cutting leaves .
A woman is putting a baby into a trash can .
A little girl peddling a scooter .
A woman and dog are walking together .
The deer jumped over the fence .
A baby is falling asleep .
A man plays the guitar .
A cat is pooping into a toilet .
A man is moving large rocks .
A dog is moving its mouth .
The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let 's let them therefore seize it .
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are strong of this tax .
The vote will take place at 5.30pm
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
There was not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
It has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies .
The fishers are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take .
The vote will take place at 17h30 .
The body must be in balance .
We are proud often here to represent the citizens of Europe .
( The Parliament adopts legislative resolution )
The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab .
I belong to the Members who are present rather honourably .
Tunisia
It did not not more of the qualified majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272 .
As I have already explained , at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of Directive .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
Amendment No 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references .
We take pride often here to represent the European citizens .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Often we are proud of representing Europe 's citizens .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
I want to say to you that among our allies , there are fervent of this tax .
I insist on reminding you that among our allies , there are devotees of this tax .
Perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster .
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .
It has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .
This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .
Relation Maij-Weggen ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Thank-You , Mister the Commissioner .
We we take pride often here of representing the european citizens .
It has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small .
Perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe .
Group must be in equilibrium .
There was not either qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272 .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , I wish to take the protection of workers of this sector .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs .
The leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter .
I am one of the Members who are rather honourably here .
The vote will take place with 17h30 .
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .
The leaders profit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution )
Tunisia
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
There was no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272 .
It does not was not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272 .
Given the leaders today a new chance and thus let the approach .
As I l ' have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
We would perhaps then able prevent a disaster .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Mr President , I want to take the protection of workers .
It is our duty to continue supporting Latvia on the question of the Russian population .
I am part of Members who are not properly present .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
I would like to remind you that our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .
We preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act .
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small .
Van Orden report In particular A5-0241 -- 2000 )
It is of our duty to continue supporting the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the Russian population .
Mr Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr. President , the Cashman report / ratio can summarize himself in a few words : capacity of the citizens on the bureaucracy .
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs .
The users are the losers , employees , and European competitiveness and growth régresseront .
It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
This regulation point opens the door to the arbitrary one .
Tunisia
Fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointment .
It is that the European Union is involved and that it do so quickly .
I am part of Members who are not properly present .
Has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries .
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Report Van Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , I would like to make the defence of workers in this sector .
This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on the bureaucracy .
The users will be the losers , with the employees , and European competitiveness and growth will regress .
This has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
I am one of those Members who are rather honourably here .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
The leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized .
Specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential .
I am one of the Members of Parliament who are rather present .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The whole must be in balance .
Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
Perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster .
It suits that the European Union implies itself and that she do it quickly .
Tunisia
The whole must be in balance .
The occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .
Mr President , I would like to defend workers in the sector .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
Tunisia
This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
As I already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive .
Thank you , Commissioner .
It is right that the European Union is involved , and for this to be done quickly .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
We maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act .
As I have already explained in second reading , is at the root of this directive .
Mr President , I hold to the defence of workers in this sector .
It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
Maij-Weggen report ( 5 / 2000 )
Thank you , Mister the Commissioner .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on bureaucracy .
On others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained .
As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive .
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
It is of our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population .
Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .
Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs .
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
The leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
We maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe .
Tunisia
Mr President , the report Mr Cashman 's can be summarised in a few words : the power of people on the tape .
We have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Mister the President , I am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector .
( The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution )
Users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront .
I am part of the parliamentary ones that are rather present honorably .
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .
We preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act .
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
Van Orden report ( 5 / 2000 )
The fishermen are unemployed , tired and disappointed .
Van Orden report ( 5 / 2000 )
As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive .
Report Maij-Weggen ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
The consumers are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the growth European régresseront .
Report Horsebox Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained .
Tunisia
We ourselves often represent European citizens .
Users will be the losers , with employees , and régresseront European competitiveness and growth .
We maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
Mr President , the report Cashman can come down in some words : the power of the citizens on officialism .
Mr President , I would like to take the protection of workers in this sector .
The vote will place to 17h30 .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The vote will be to 17h30 .
The European Union itself and do so quickly .
The whole must be in balance .
Report Maij-Weggen In particular A5-0323 -- 2000 )
It is appropriate that the European Union is involved and that it makes it quickly .
It did not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272 .
All must be balanced .
We would perhaps then could prevent a disaster .
I would remind you that one of our allies , it is very much of this tax .
D ' other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge .
This point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The whole must be in balance .
The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential .
Mister Preside over it , I insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector .
That has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones .
I would like to remind you that one of our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
The occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential .
Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential .
Thank you , Mister Commissioner .
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe .
Tunisia
Tunisia
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized in two words : the power of the people on the tape .
We might then have to avoid a disaster .
The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it .
The fishermen inactive , are tired and disappointed .
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs .
Tunisia
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
It is that the European Union is means and that it be done very soon .
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here .
Punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary .
The whole must be balanced .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
I am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably .
Mister the President , the report Cashman can summarize itself in some words : the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy .
It is that the European Union is involved and that it will soon .
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
It is right that the European Union is it entails , and do so quickly .
Mr President , I want to stand up for workers of this area .
The unit must be in balance .
We keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
Norms are barely comparable and even less alienable .
The leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take .
Mr. President , I make a point of taking the defense of the workers of this sector .
Tunisia
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
We keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act .
The report Maij-Weggen , A5-0323 / 2000 --
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
We we pride often here of representing the European citizens .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
This point of Procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .
Other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment .
I want to remind you that of our allies , it is of major of tax .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
The leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it .
I form part of the members of Parliament who are rather honourably present .
We often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the European citizens .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised as follows : the citizens on bureaucracy .
Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs .
It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly .
I am anxious to recall you that among our allies , there is fervent of this tax .
Punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass is essential .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
I would remind you that our allies , devotees of this tax .
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The leaders are today a new chance and thus let .
There did not exist either of majority qualified within this Parliament to return in article 272 .
The vote will take place at 17h30 .
We are proud often of representing the European citizens here .
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
Report maij-weggen ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment .
, The Parliament adopted the legislative resolution --
Specific aid , support or market at grass is essential .
Support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary .
Punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe .
Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .
I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .
Report Van Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here .
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
That has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones .
Others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained .
Other divide unfortunately due to a accumulated ill-will .
Other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance .
I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .
The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it .
This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
Other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulated .
There was not majority qualified within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either .
Others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Mr President , I wish to take the protection of workers of the sector .
The vote will take place on 17 : 30 .
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
It has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .
We could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster .
The whole must be in balance .
As I have already explained to us at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
This is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small .
Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
All must be balanced .
The users will be the losers , with the employees , and European competitiveness and the growth will regress .
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
Others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge .
Fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The European Union must be involved and do so quickly .
We might then have to avoid a disaster .
Users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and European growth régresseront .
This paves the way for the of the Rules of Procedure here .
As I have already said in the second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive .
In particular Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax .
As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
It is important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly .
This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here .
As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive .
Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster .
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
Tunisia was
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs .
Thank you , Mr Commissioner .
It is important that the European Union to be involved and to do it quickly .
The whole must be in balance .
Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated .
Relation Horse-Trailer Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
The leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized briefly : the power of the people on bureaucracy .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
It is appropriate that the European Union is and what it implies does it quickly .
It is our duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian people .
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive .
The standards are to death similar and even less transferable .
It is necessary that the European Union gets involved and that it makes it fast .
Has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries .
The together must be in balance .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population .
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
We preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act .
The unity must be in balance .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
Mrs Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
Users are the losers , with workers and European competitiveness and innovation régresseront .
We would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster .
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy .
As I have already explained it in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive .
As I have explained , a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive .
We enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the European citizens .
The whole must be in balance .
Maij-Weggen report ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
That causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .
It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population .
This point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential .
It is our duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people .
The vote will take place at 17h30 .
We could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe .
Tunisia
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
We might then have to avoid a disaster .
We keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act .
It did not exist either qualified majority in this Parliament to return to article 272 .
We would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster .
Consumers will be the losers , with workers and competitiveness and growth regress .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Tunisia
We are often here to represent the citizens of Europe .
Thank you , Commissioner .
It has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries , to the detriment of the small ones .
I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here .
The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth regress .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
I am one of the Members who are rather present .
We preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
It suits that the European Union is implied and that it makesit rapidly .
We are often here to represent the European citizens .
The fishermen are idle , tired and disappointed .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Thank you , Mr Commissioner .
Users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront .
The norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
I want to remind you that of our allies , it is of much of this tax .
This point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one .
Mrs Maij-Weggen 's report ( 5 / 2000 )
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy .
This point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power .
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
A specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential .
This Regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the European competitiveness and growth will recede .
We often take pride here in representing the European citizens .
It is of our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population .
Thank you , Mister the Police chief .
Van Orden report ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs .
Tunisia
The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it .
Mister Preside over it , the relation Cashman can amount in some words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy .
D ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment .
It is of our duty of continuing press Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population .
All must be in balance .
Tunisia
The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable .
Report Van Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
I am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present .
We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act .
The leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it .
Thank you , Commissioner .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
( the Parliament adopts the legislative resolution )
That was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small .
I am one of those Members who are quite properly here .
This regulation opens the door to the arbitrary .
As I already explained it in second reading , a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive .
Report / ratio Maij-Weggen ( A5-0323 / 2000 )
I make a point of recalling you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax .
The users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth will diminish .
As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive .
The users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth will diminish .
Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
Report / ratio Van Orden ( A5-0241 / 2000 )
Mr President , I should like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the European growths will decline .
The whole must be in balance .
We keep unanimity in the Council , and therefore a latent inability to act .
The users are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector .
The norms are scarcely comparable and again less transférables .
Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential .
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs .
Consumers will be the losers , with employees , and competitiveness and growth régresseront European .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take .
The rules are comparable only good , let alone .
Amendment 7 offers certain modifications in references to paragraphs .
Report Van Orden , A5-0241 / 2000 --
This regulation opens the door to arbitrariness .
It is appropriate that the European Union is implied and that it does it quickly .
Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
We would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m .
Often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe .
The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable .
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed .
As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive .
As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive .
It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly .
Other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment .
We might have been able to prevent a disaster .
I would like to remind you that one of our allies , there are strong this tax .
It is of our duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the Russian people .
Vote will take place at 17 h 30 .
There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 .
I hold you recall that our allies , there are enthusiastic about this tax .
We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe .
restate ( words ) from one language into another language .
a group of nations having common interests .
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action , heat , or moisture .
devote oneself to a special area of work .
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship .
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip .
a supplementary part or accessory .
place limits on ( extent or access ) .
be opposite .
cause to become alive again .
something with no concrete substance .
a name given to a product or service .
a set sequence of steps , part of larger computer program .
cover the front or surface of .
estimate the value of .
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something .
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment .
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring .
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain .
handle effectively .
appoint someone to ( a position or a job ) .
organization of performers and associated personnel ( especially theatrical ) .
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order .
signal by winking .
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate .
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts .
a communication ( usually brief ) that is written or spoken or signaled .
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth .
terminate an association with .
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state , usually by heating .
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it , as with blankets or sheets , and applying compresses to it , or stuffing it to provide cover , containment , or therapy , or to absorb blood .
make underscoring marks .
surround completely .
the end of a word ( a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme ) .
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence .
create an image or likeness of .
bend into the shape of a crank .
mock or make fun of playfully .
be extremely bad in quality or in one 's performance .
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society .
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning .
persuade somebody to accept something .
matter that remains after something has been removed .
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower .
become inflated .
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element ; occurs in many isotopes ; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons .
say mean things .
be offended or bothered by ; take offense with , be bothered by .
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest .
subject to political , religious , or moral censorship .
a casual or unexpected convergence .
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body , such as the earth ( which is taken to be at zero voltage ) .
the act of ending something .
a well-known or notable person .
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine .
determine or indicate the place , site , or limits of , as if by an instrument or by a survey .
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose .
be tantamount or equivalent to .
cause to move by pulling .
a voluntary gift ( as of money or service or ideas ) made to some worthwhile cause .
a loud utterance of emotion ( especially when inarticulate ) .
go back to a previous state .
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland ; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state 's system of government .
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it .
cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something .
a system of units used to express the weight of something .
some situation or event that is thought about .
feel or have a desire for ; want strongly .
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing .
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping .
make a certain noise or sound .
cause to be in brief contact with .
get to know or become aware of , usually accidentally .
the chief executive of a republic .
touch with the lips or press the lips ( against someone 's mouth or other body part ) as an expression of love , greeting , etc ..
the force used in pulling .
a gradual decrease ; as of stored charge or current .
a number or letter indicating quality ( especially of a student 's performance ) .
an impetuous rush toward someone or something .
suffer failure , as in some enterprise .
the property of copious abundance .
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage .
( often followed by `of ' ) a large number or amount or extent .
sway to and fro .
a change for the better .
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church .
a courteous expression ( by word or deed ) of esteem or regard .
cause ( a computer ) to execute a single command .
give to , and receive from , one another .
a punctuation mark ( . ) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations .
something craved , especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug .
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner .
make high-pitched sounds .
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species .
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings .
a person who is the aim of an attack ( especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation ) by some hostile person or influence .
military personnel lost by death or capture .
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid .
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value .
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity .
change the key of , in music .
a message refusing to accept something that is offered .
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed ; make shut .
cut the surface of ; wear away the surface of .
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom .
a list of particulars ( as a playbill or bill of fare ) .
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation .
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others .
an attempt to get something .
go up or advance .
clean with hard rubbing .
become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure .
point or cause to go ( blows , weapons , or objects such as photographic equipment ) towards .
give or convey physically .
do lacework .
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers .
preserve with sugar .
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck .
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important .
be careful or certain to do something ; make certain of something .
give something useful or necessary to .
edge tool used in shaving .
learn by reading books .
lengthen or extend in duration or space .
refrain from doing something .
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action .
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect .
a separate and self-contained entity .
make less severe or harsh .
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody .
beat severely with a whip or rod .
shape or influence ; give direction to .
produce buds , branches , or germinate .
a particular environment or walk of life .
a vertical array of numbers or other information .
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information ; possess knowledge or information about .
any likeness of a person , in any medium .
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow , pressure , temperature , etc ..
cause to form a united , orderly , and aesthetically consistent whole .
informal terms for the leg .
the goal intended to be attained ( and which is believed to be attainable ) .
place or set apart .
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group .
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose .
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight .
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering ( an afghan or bedspread ) that is casually thrown over something .
a protective covering consisting of netting ; can be mounted in a frame .
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur ; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible .
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments .
recovery or preservation from loss or danger .
observe with care or pay close attention to .
to compel or deter by or as if by threats .
extend out or project in space .
be the host of or for .
make invalid for use .
feel about or towards ; consider , evaluate , or regard .
a proportion in relation to a whole ( which is usually the amount per hundred ) .
an approximate definition or example .
the state or fact of being an owner .
a natural elevation ( especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea ) .
evaluate or estimate the nature , quality , ability , extent , or significance of .
the part played by a person in bringing about a result .
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas ; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe .
a single chance or instance .
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern .
a period of time containing 365 ( or 366 ) days .
face and withstand with courage .
( medicine ) the condition in which an organism can resist disease .
a brief statement .
do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function .
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids .
get on top of ; deal with successfully .
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat .
change directions as if revolving on a pivot .
a quantity that is twice as great as another .
provoke or stir up .
the trade of a funeral director .
catch fire .
a concentrated example of something .
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic .
the successful action of solving a problem .
develop in a positive way .
go away or leave .
( nautical ) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar .
a passageway through or under something , usually underground ( especially one for trains or cars ) .
be fully aware or cognizant of .
move very slightly .
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating .
pass over , across , or through .
refrain from harming .
strike as if by whipping .
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus ( usually to aid delivery ) .
enclose in or as if in a frame .
take up or begin anew .
discover or come upon accidentally , suddenly , or unexpectedly ; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state .
the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new .
an angular or rounded shape made by folding .
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment .
an interpretation of a text or action .
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to .
a prediction of the course of a disease .
have need of .
an indication of damage .
a momentary brightness .
cause to regain consciousness .
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity .
the act of changing the location of something .
move in circles .
bring ( several things ) into consonance or relate harmoniously .
cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .
the state of being joined or united or linked .
become distinct and acquire a different character .
the goal intended to be attained ( and which is believed to be attainable ) .
take possession of by force , as after an invasion .
give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause .
make a schedule ; plan the time and place for events .
like better ; value more highly .
give to a charity or good cause .
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics .
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank .
break down , literally or metaphorically .
react verbally .
a slight surface cut ( especially a notch that is made to keep a tally ) .
cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition .
the act of forcing yourself ( or being forced ) into or through a restricted space .
give a definition for the meaning of a word .
pursue for food or sport ( as of wild animals ) .
act against or in opposition to .
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution .
bring into being .
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program .
a party of people assembled for dancing .
( computer science ) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network .
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper ) .
( computer science ) a computer file that contains text ( and possibly formatting instructions ) using seven-bit ASCII characters .
an acknowledgment of appreciation .
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something .
cause to become widely known .
perceive with the senses quickly , suddenly , or momentarily .
government income due to taxation .
shape or influence ; give direction to .
put an end to .
the particular portion of space occupied by something .
have trust in ; trust in the truth or veracity of .
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements .
an arrangement scheme .
to close within bounds , limit or hold back from movement .
get or gather together .
censure severely or angrily .
a pair of people who live together .
become unfit for consumption or use .
become engaged or intermeshed with one another .
take vows , as in religious order .
the general activity of selling .
allow to have .
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12 .
physician and American Revolutionary leader ; signer of the Declaration of Independence ( 1745-1813 ) .
British term for the luggage compartment in a car .
have or exploit a monopoly of .
reduce ( petroleum ) to a simpler compound by cracking .
attract ; cause to be enamored .
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached .
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates .
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources .
fall out of the pod or husk .
abstain from eating .
feel hot or painful .
come back after being refused .
loss of ability to function normally .
someone who controls resources and expenditures .
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food .
rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash .
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth .
turn on or around an axis or a center .
an offer of marriage .
show submission or fear .
the entering of a legal document into the public record .
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly .
have faith or confidence in .
start to burn or burst into flames .
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered .
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level ; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it .
an onerous or difficult concern .
someone ( or something ) on which expectations are centered .
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object .
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver .
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up .
utter with force ; utter vehemently .
treat with an agent ; add ( an agent ) to .
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking .
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space .
secrete or form water , as tears or saliva .
the state of being connected .
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration ( usually half the length of the original ) .
the time yet to come .
the state of owing something ( especially money ) .
a specific size and style of type within a type family .
demand as being one 's due or property ; assert one 's right or title to .
damage the reputation of .
give equal rights to ; of women and minorities .
lengthen in time ; cause to be or last longer .
a bundle ( especially one carried on the back ) .
a person who conveys ( carries or transmits ) .
an intuitive understanding of something .
adhering to moral principles .
have sexual intercourse with .
partake in a feast or banquet .
show devotion to ( a deity ) .
make a clicking or ticking sound .
run or flow slowly , as in drops or in an unsteady stream .
write a computer program .
a state of order in which events conform to the law .
an electronic memory device .
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters .
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose .
look furtively .
get rid of .
get or find back ; recover the use of .
( statistics ) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance .
cause to move round and round .
become due for repayment .
provide veterinary care for .
make new .
put a coat on ; cover the surface of ; furnish with a surface .
strike out ( a batter ) , ( of a pitcher ) .
regain or make up for .
duplicate or match .
indistinct articulation .
the act of applying force in order to move something away .
drive forcibly as if by a punch .
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise .
make less hostile ; win over .
informal terms referring to a domestic cat .
sorting one thing from others .
the act of fastening things together .
a group of people living together in a camp .
an unforeseen development .
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public ; bring into general or common use .
make impure .
an implement consisting of a length of wood .
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief , usually under pressure .
turn or go to the port or left side , of a ship .
impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result .
fix to ; attach .
assign to a specific task .
be the culminating event .
the act of constructing something .
( computer science ) the part of a computer ( a microprocessor chip ) that does most of the data processing .
consider again ( a bill ) that had been voted upon before , with a view to altering it .
cancel , annul , or reverse an action or its effect .
determine the essential quality of .
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport .
manipulate the registers of an organ .
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course .
the act of granting rights .
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body .
become pregnant ; undergo conception .
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on .
the act of apportioning or distributing something .
the state of being more than full .
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion .
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election .
hunt or shoot snipe .
hunt with hawks .
( construction ) a layer of masonry .
a usually brief attempt .
the phenomenon of a propagating wave ( light or sound ) being thrown back from a surface .
examine minutely .
be fond of .
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another .
strike sharply , as in some sports .
fly in or as if in a glider plane .
a fourth part of a year ; three months .
make tight or tighter .
provide with power and authority .
run at a moderately swift pace .
form an impenetrable cover over .
a mold for setting concrete .
wear away or erode .
something that is desired intensely .
store ( liquids or gases ) in bottles .
be a sign or indication of .
the act of choosing or selecting .
the act of becoming more distant .
take in marriage .
skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways .
a stronghold .
the fashionable elite .
the characteristic utterance of an animal .
make more intense , stronger , or more marked .
a journey for some purpose ( usually including the return ) .
manipulate in a fraudulent manner .
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar .
the activity of leading .
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture .
someone who cleans soot from chimneys .
emit a steady even light without flames .
behave in a certain way .
express or utter with a hiss .
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees ( especially honeybees ) whose sole function is to mate with the queen .
a boxing or wrestling match .
cause to procreate ( animals ) .
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized .
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle .
provide with a new seat .
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth .
enter uninvited .
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc .
a cause of pain or injury or loss .
make clear and ( more ) comprehensible .
the act of retaining something .
a problem .
stretch out completely .
continue to live through hardship or adversity .
the act of caressing with the lips ( or an instance thereof ) .
lay with rails .
the motion of one object relative to another .
make a hole , especially with a pointed power or hand tool .
piece ( something old ) with a new part .
the act of breaking something .
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building .
a quantity of money .
the large room of a manor or castle .
prevent from entering ; keep out .
sniff or smell inquiringly .
provide housing for .
change the inherent purpose or function of something .
provide with ( something ) usually for a specific purpose .
gain points in a game .
travel in front of ; go in advance of others .
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing .
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose .
make ( a surface ) shine .
return to a former condition .
remove the husks from .
speed up the progress of ; facilitate .
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third .
raise in rank , character , or status .
make visible by means of chemical solutions .
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease .
make to a size ; bring to a suitable size .
remove tree stumps from .
pass the tongue over .
an image that is generated by a computer .
come out better in a competition , race , or conflict .
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity .
start abruptly .
( broadcasting ) a local announcement inserted into a network program .
something that is made real or concrete .
sound sharply or shrilly .
the act of admitting someone to enter .
spend time in prison or in a labor camp .
contain or hold ; have within .
the act of informing by verbal report .
request urgently and forcefully .
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar .
throw quickly .
move to and fro .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
the termination or disintegration of a relationship ( between persons or nations ) .
destroy a ship .
the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new .
ride a motorcycle .
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money .
continue a certain state , condition , or activity .
a statement ( either spoken or written ) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation .
a committee having supervisory powers .
a short section of a musical composition .
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed .
take a walk for one 's health or to aid digestion , as after a meal .
a part of a forked or branching shape .
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug .
incite , move , or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination .
announce the termination of , as of treaties .
cause to throb or beat rapidly .
make a mark or lines on a surface .
recite with musical intonation ; recite as a chant or a psalm .
( computer science ) the ability to exchange and use information ( usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks ) .
the act of applying force suddenly .
a process of becoming smaller or shorter .
exercise authoritative control or power over .
be or play a part of or in .
an extended area of land .
move an implement through .
deprive of courage or hope ; take away hope from ; cause to feel discouraged .
a force that is a branch of the armed forces .
furnish with spars .
remove water from .
provide with rails .
be a summary of .
affect with smut or mildew , as of a crop such as corn .
talk or behave amorously , without serious intentions .
accept an excuse for .
be a signal for or a symptom of .
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school .
have as a logical consequence .
cross on foot .
the act of sucking .
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal 's neck as a harness or to identify it .
put a harness .
provide or equip with furniture .
to move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away .
reason by deduction ; establish by deduction .
fertilize and cause to grow .
find the solution to ( a problem or question ) or understand the meaning of .
move about in a confused manner .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated .
take apart into its constituent pieces .
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program .
issue an order .
the termination of a meeting .
an indicator that orients you generally .
increase the volume of .
open ( a place ) to members of all races and ethnic groups .
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .
hit a fly .
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line .
be incompatible ; be or come into conflict .
produce a click .
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water .
the face or front of a building .
make something more diverse and varied .
issue bonds on .
a woman 's sleeveless undergarment .
move very fast .
oppose , as in hostility or a competition .
make more complex , intricate , or richer .
show to be invalid .
create by putting components or members together .
the activity of supplying or providing something .
make lighter or brighter .
the actors in a play .
take up someone 's soul into heaven .
discipline in personal and social activities .
a person eating a meal ( especially in a restaurant ) .
a sudden outburst .
make hard or harder .
the introductory section of a story .
work with a tool .
make less severe or strict .
support by placing against something solid or rigid .
part ; cease or break association with .
have the financial means to do something or buy something .
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices .
to say , state , or perform again .
allow the passage of air through .
unite or merge with something already in existence .
use up ( resources or materials ) .
become hard or harder .
cause to be firmly attached .
become broader or wider or more extensive .
unrestricted freedom to use .
the act of taking possession of or power over something .
give a structure to .
mark with a scar .
tag the base runner to get him out .
be reflected as heat , sound , or light or shock waves .
a competitor thought likely to win .
become long or longer .
to be on base at the end of an inning , of a player .
either of the two categories ( male or female ) into which most organisms are divided .
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element ; the standard is 8 for oxygen .
provide with a toggle or toggles .
cause to move back and forth .
measure the depth of ( a body of water ) with a sounding line .
make a loud noise , as of animal .
the act of coming to land after a voyage .
bring two objects , ideas , or people together .
make reference to .
behave violently , as if in state of a great anger .
move in a spiral or zigzag course .
a feeling of aversion or antipathy .
release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition .
overcome with amazement .
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner .
take into one 's family .
( contract bridge ) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make .
go on a campaign ; go off to war .
react to a stimulus or command .
sound with resonance .
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation .
make a logical or causal connection .
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny .
exercise , or have the power of , memory .
a state of extreme anger .
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased .
admit to testing or proof .
any accounting period of 12 months .
make a plug for ; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote .
relative darkness or lightness of a color .
strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat .
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief .
open again or anew .
a way of conceiving something .
heat a metal prior to working it .
feel the need to eat .
be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .
give suck to .
decorative cover for a bed .
to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws .
play on a string instrument with a bow .
an impression that something might be the case .
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown .
express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) .
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness .
a single serving of a beverage .
give an incentive for action .
the day immediately before today .
take or capture by force .
apply a plaster cast to .
interfere in someone else 's activity .
assign a new time and place for an event .
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something .
touch , lift , or hold with the hands .
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching .
narrate or give a detailed account of .
any activity that occupies a person 's attention .
cause to become awake or conscious .
provide a feast or banquet for .
an act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts .
fool or hoax .
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 .
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power .
( computer science ) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer .
give pleasure to or be pleasing to .
a soft pad placed under a saddle .
elevate or idealize , in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration .
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions .
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness .
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .
cause to move faster .
supply food ready to eat ; for parties and banquets .
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent .
clear mucus or food from one 's throat .
pass into a specified state or condition .
add embellishments and paintings to ( medieval manuscripts ) .
make thick or thicker .
run or move very quickly or hastily .
feel physical pain .
tell or spread rumors .
throw with force or recklessness .
return in thought or speech to something .
try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury .
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument .
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily .
( botany ) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes ; absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground .
reproduce or make an exact copy of .
thread on or as if on a string .
engrave by means of dots and flicks .
have a strong desire or urge to do something .
be pertinent or relevant or applicable .
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose .
to become aware of through the senses .
cause to be alert and energetic .
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line .
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid .
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level .
make a map of ; show or establish the features of details of .
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force .
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing ( duties , questions , or issues ) .
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions .
maintain or assert .
restore to a previous or better condition .
expose or make accessible to some action or influence .
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit .
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot .
put under the control and authority of a federal government .
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure .
equip with a fuse ; provide with a fuse .
the successful ending of the American Revolution .
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number .
a demanding or stimulating situation .
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class .
amplify ( an electron current ) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit .
utter words loudly and forcefully .
contrast with equal weight or force .
strike the air in flight .
preserve in a can or tin .
( chemistry ) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop .
make the surface of level or smooth .
impress or affect deeply .
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting .
apply a thin coating of paint , metal , etc . , to .
fail to attend to .
make a sharp sound .
connect or arrange into a chain by linking .
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight .
look through a book or other written material .
the state of being active .
( theology ) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil .
make unfit or unsuitable .
cook on a hot surface using fat .
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .
an area that is approximately central within some larger region .
start suddenly , as from fright .
be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance .
give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause .
the finger next to the thumb .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
the role of the head of a government department .
consider again ; give new consideration to ; usually with a view to changing .
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity .
an air force unit smaller than a squadron .
the act of giving someone a job .
the act of troubling or annoying someone .
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness .
cite as an authority ; resort to .
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .
make out of components ( often in an improvising manner ) .
learn by repetition .
intend ( something ) to move towards a certain goal .
register formally as a participant or member .
write as if with print ; not cursive .
shoot down , of birds .
appoint to a clerical posts .
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion .
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape .
stand with arms or forelegs raised , as if menacing .
any accounting period of 12 months .
convert the genetic information in ( a strand of DNA ) into a strand of RNA , especially messenger RNA .
give a thrashing to ; beat hard .
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , often for cooking purposes .
supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect .
protect or strengthen with sandbags ; stop up .
make a tour of a certain place .
the head of a city government .
take up with the tongue .
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England .
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object .
take away a vital or essential part of .
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection .
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin .
make up something artificial or untrue .
the act of swallowing .
have unlawful sex with a whore .
reverse the winding or twisting of .
reimburse or compensate ( someone ) , as for a loss .
sharpen with a strap .
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code .
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm .
rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder or lightning .
fill with high spirits ; fill with optimism .
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant .
let or cause to fall in drops .
the status of being a champion .
draw advantages from .
Last year it was sought to murder .
Economists ' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .
And , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad destabilising influence , not bernanke .
All Europe
The gay and other practical " Modern " are rejected , laws .
Only a month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with " futile .
Only one month before , Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile ' .
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country .
Large Pax Europa of today , just like current prosperity paneuropéenne , depends on it .
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves .
Beyond the geographical division , divisions recur locally .
But can this image survive a continuation of the decline ?
But this image can survive a further decline ?
Putin against people
The old version of the European response ( what psychologists call " the envy of the dollar ' only become more pervasive .
But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance .
Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation .
The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally .
They are for the moment .
The jobs , in particular , help the young to invent new forms of employment .
The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country .
In other areas , the sharia is imposed .
Each time , radical technological progress made it off these threats .
A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more precise .
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally .
But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium .
There are many questions .
However , the Americans have only a fall of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may .
Each time , radical technological progress made slip these threats .
Jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs .
This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help .
And , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence , not Bernanke .
This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response .
After all , they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account .
And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political .
What he has done without the initiative goes very far .
The old version of the European reaction ( what the psychologists call “ the desire of the dollar ” ) will become only more penetrating .
Last year it was required for murder .
The politicization of securities markets
Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation .
The jobs , help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs .
Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really this trend .
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity .
On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition .
The large Europa Pax today , just as the current pan-European prosperity , depends on it .
Last year it was sought for murder .
In the absence of a change of associations .
But this image can survive a further decline ?
The great Pax Europa today , as the current pan-European prosperity , depends on it .
That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response .
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition .
But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .
Only a month before , muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were " futile . "
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government .
This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help .
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself .
After all , they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration .
This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution .
Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation .
The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel " .
And , also , of his regime .
But can this image survive a pursuit of decline ?
The politicization of securities market
The western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings .
That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help .
They are culture , poor and sick .
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation .
Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed .
However , a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam .
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not Bernanke .
It is necessary to find other means .
At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
Europe for all
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant .
Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products .
But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy .
A businessman Chinese influential , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more specific .
Some are noteworthy results .
But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help .
What he has done without the initiative goes very far .
However , a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam .
But the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered in the last six years .
However , the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2 % between the 9 and on May 24 .
We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled , one of these recent books against democracy itself .
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
At the forefront of these lessons , we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves .
Some are noteworthy results .
They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them ?
Yet , the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May .
A Europe for all
The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the last six years .
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally .
But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May .
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed .
Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May .
Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned ?
Other means should be found .
However , a process of the United States and also within Islam .
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy .
We must find other ways .
The politicization of securities markets
But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .
And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall .
And , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence , not Bernanke
Each time , radical technological progress off these threats .
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity .
The most important thing is that when interest rates go up , the values of the active fall .
Each time , technological progress radicals have made these threats slip .
It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution .
But the US point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves .
We must find other ways .
Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists , assassinated during the six last years .
The success of books is itself a sign of ‘ malaise ’ .
They are uncultivated , poor and sick .
The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it , and it particuli � rement is particuli � rement eclipsed by the guide supr � me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government .
A business Chinese influence , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was more precise .
The success of the book is in itself a sign of " malaise .
Politicization of the securities markets
Tocqueville thought in the long run , nothing can be really opposed this trend .
Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can actually oppose this trend .
Who more is , the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates .
They are poor , sick and uncultivated .
The economists , does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products .
The politicisation of the securities markets
An influential Chinese business man , who shares his time between HongKong and London , was even more precise .
Moreover , the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions .
The Western Europeans , who have forgotten this story , should take account of our warnings .
Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity .
Only one month before , Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with “ futile ” .
He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies .
Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation .
It is necessary to are two different things .
It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies .
Certain results are remarkable .
But as the European Union itself , and it will build it .
They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned ?
After all , they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account .
Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins .
In other areas , the Sharia is imposed .
But this picture can survive in a European ?
This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves .
But as the European Union itself , build and happen .
The President has fewer powers than it seems , and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious .
Western Europeans , who have forgotten this story , should heed our warnings .
And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin .
The great Pax Europa today , as the current pan-European prosperity , depends .
But as the European Union itself , this will be built and this will happen .
The Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings .
Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings .
That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution .
Putin 's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years .
The President has less powers than it seems , and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei .
After all , they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account .
The people against Putin
Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really to this trend .
Many questions are .
But they are necessary .
Moreover , the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions .
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
In the foreground of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves .
And , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing , Bernanke .
The key is that when interest rates are falling , the values of the active .
After all , they have policies that take or no consideration .
The gay and other ‘ modern ’ practices are rejected because nombrilistes .
Europeans of the West , who forgot this history , should take account of our warning statements .
It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government .
That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer .
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally .
Putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime .
Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .
Every time , technological progress to fly these threats .
Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings .
He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies .
Last year it was required for murder .
Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation .
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant .
The large Europa of today , just as the prosperity , depends on it .
However , a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam .
Each time , of radical technological progress leave these threats .
Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists , murdered in the course of the past six years .
The former version of the European reaction ( what psychologists call " the envy dollar ) only become more pénétrante .
People against Putin
But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .
Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed .
Only a month before , , the demands of constitutional reform in the five " .
The President has fewer powers that it seems , and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally .
Putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime .
Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation .
And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy .
Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies .
The people against Putin
Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .
The gay and other practices modern ' are rejected , because navel-gazing .
But they were necessary .
The politicization of securities markets
The old version of the European reaction ( what psychologists call " the envy of the dollar ' ) will only more pervasive .
The President has powers than it appears , and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad has an influence , not destabilizing Bernanke .
Essence , it is that when interest rates go up , the values of the credit fall .
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account .
The questions are many .
But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance .
Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming , will perhaps the need for such legislation .
To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things .
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation .
There are many questions .
This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition .
The questions are numerous .
Gays and other practices " modern ’ are rejected because among selfcentred .
Beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur locally .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years .
The catch and other practices , because .
The jobs , in particular , would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs .
Last year it was sought for murder .
Thought that in the long term , nothing can actually to this trend .
In the forefront of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
But just as the European Union itself , and that it will be done .
And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy .
But America 's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .
Some results are remarkable .
A Europe for all
Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation .
This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
After all , they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration .
He has done , that the initiative not go very far .
Some results .
But from the American view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
But from the point of view of the international role was a trap .
To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things .
Only a month ago , disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ‘ futile ’ .
Moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates .
The success of the book is in itself a sign of ' malaise .
The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally .
But just like the European Union itself , that will be built and that will be done .
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years .
A Europe for all
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them ?
However , a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam .
Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed .
What he has done without the initiative goes too far .
This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help .
This does not , however , rich countries emerging from their obligation to help .
Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed .
But they were necessary .
Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure , not Bernanke .
But just as the European Union itself , and this will happen .
Putin , also , seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode .
It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government .
Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation .
An influential Chinese businessman , who shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more specific .
In other areas , Sharia law is imposed .
What it has done without initiative go very far .
That leaves the opposition and without any effective response .
But this image further decline can survive ?
But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .
Some results .
The gays and others practical “ modern ” are rejected , because nombrilists .
The old version of the European reaction ( what psychologists call " ' s desire dollar " ) will become more pervasive .
Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure , Bernanke .
At the forefront of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves .
A Europe for all
The gay and other practices " Modern " are rejected , because nombrilistes .
The future of Iraq is linked to the country .
The people against Putin
We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity .
Employment , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment .
That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution .
Moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions .
Ahmadinejad board in an adventure , not Bernanke
The first of these lessons , we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves .
In other areas , the charia is imposed .
Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things .
What happened the initiative does not go very far .
They are poor , sick and uncultivated .
It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies .
The bottom line is that when interest rates go up , the values of credit fall .
But like the EU itself , this will be built and this will happen .
The former version of the European reaction ( what psychologists call ‘ envy the dollar ’ ) will only most perceptively .
There are many questions .
Putin , too , seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime .
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves .
Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them ?
It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies .
They are uncultivated , poor and sick .
Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies .
But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance .
The people against Putin
They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself .
This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves .
But America 's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .
Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure , then .
But America 's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy .
The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally .
Beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur at local level .
The important thing is that when interest rates amount , the values of the active fall .
Big Pax Europe of today , like current prosperity pan-European , depends on it .
But this picture can survive a continuing decline ?
In other regions , the sharia is imposed .
President has fewer powers than it appears to be , and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
We must find other ways .
A man of influential , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , has even been more precise .
They are poor , sick and uncultivated .
Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition .
We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself .
Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation .
The success of the book is in itself a sign of ‘ malaise . "
Beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level .
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing , not Bernanke .
Other means should be found .
This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response .
What is more , the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions .
Only a month ago , muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of " futile .
The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of “ faintness ” .
We must find other ways .
Employment , in particular , would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment .
Putin , too , seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime .
And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy .
Each time , of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats .
But they were necessary .
A Europe for all
But they were needed .
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation .
We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity .
Beyond the geographical division , the divisions recur at local level .
Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition .
This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise " .
To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition .
However , a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam .
Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure , not Bernanke .
Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution .
But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap .
Last year it was sought for murder .
Last year it was sought for murder .
And , perhaps the most important , the destabilising influence , not then .
To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things .
The most important thing , however , is that when the rate of interest , the values .
Beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level .
Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned ?
Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can really object to this trend .
But they were necessary .
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country .
This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response .
Iraq 's future is linked to oil production of the country .
But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance .
However , a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam .
Putin , too , seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime .
That does not , however , the rich countries of their obligation to help .
The great Pax Europe of today , as prosperity pan-European today , depends on it .
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government .
What is more , the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions .
And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin .
Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products .
The President has fewer powers than it they may seem , special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
There are many questions .
A businessman Chinese influential , who share his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more precise .
On top of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves .
The people against Putin
That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution .
Some results are remarkable .
It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years .
But the US point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap .
The former version of the European reaction ( the desire called " the desire of the " ) ” .
The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products .
Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke .
Beyond the geographical division , at local level .
It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government .
The politization of the markets of the transferable securities
The future of Iraq is linked to oil production .
This trend goes well beyond simple scarves .
It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government .
We can also note that the French philosopher , Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself .
To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things .
In other regions , the sharia is imposed .
One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself .
The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production .
In other regions , the Sharia is imposed .
We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity .
Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation .
We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself .
This tendency goes well beyond simple .
It is an implicit but but clearly , the head of State for 24 years .
But they were necessary .
However , the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May .
The key is that when interest rates go up , the values of active fall .
Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition .
Tocqueville thought that on the long run , nothing can be really opposed to this tendency .
A couple who have left ?
However , the Americans have accused that lower 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May .
What it did without the initiative not going very far .
doing as one pleases or chooses ;
being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language ;
win something through one 's efforts ;
a standard or typical example ;
lacking in specific resources , qualities or substances ;
place ( something ) where one cannot find it again ;
failure to be present
meet by design ; be present at the arrival of ;
an account of the series of events making up a person 's life
provide ( usually but not necessarily food ) ;
territory over which rule or control is exercised ;
abstain from doing ; always used with a negative ;
engage for a performance ;
the period during which something is functional ( as between birth and death ) ;
having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome ;
come to believe on the basis of emotion , intuitions , or indefinite grounds ;
discipline in personal and social activities ;
a concept of quantity involving zero and units ;
inhabit or live in ; be an inhabitant of ;
( phonetics ) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language
what something is used for ;
suffer the loss of a person through death or removal ;
a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something ;
hit against ; come into sudden contact with ;
a request for something to be made , supplied , or served ;
slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug ( especially marijuana )
satisfy a condition or restriction ;
a group of people ( often temporary ) having a common purpose ;
devoid of or deficient in light or brightness ; shadowed or black ;
a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities ;
the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future ;
the way something is with respect to its main attributes ;
having a strong physiological or chemical effect ;
a committee having supervisory powers ;
greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount ;
financial assistance in time of need
of major significance or importance ;
exercise authority over ; as of nations ;
succeed in reaching ; arrive at ;
belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole ; public ;
the occupation for which you are paid ;
unlike in nature or quality or form or degree ;
a social unit living together ;
( physiology ) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc ;
a line leading to a place or point ;
make a proposal , declare a plan for something ;
a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage ( especially a more advanced or mature stage ) ;
lead a certain kind of life ; live in a certain style ;
unique or specific to a person or thing or category ;
an instance or single occasion for some event ;
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;
a collection of things sharing a common attribute ;
do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function ;
be adjacent or come together ;
a participant in a date ;
a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine ;
fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ;
a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back ; usually is capable of being opened
( used of color ) having a dark hue ;
a record in which commercial accounts are recorded ;
the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear ;
contend against an opponent in a sport , game , or battle ;
the condition of living or the state of being alive ;
be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance ;
of good quality and condition ; solidly built ;
drive something violently into a location ;
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;
have life , be alive ;
spend time in prison or in a labor camp ;
give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority ;
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;
deserving or inciting pity ;
how a result is obtained or an end is achieved ;
act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining ;
a record or narrative description of past events ;
the effect of one thing ( or person ) on another ;
having little impact ;
a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer 's capabilities
narrate or give a detailed account of ;
the specified day of the month ;
( music ) the section of a composition or movement ( especially in sonata form ) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated
serve a purpose , role , or function ;
the land on which real estate is located ;
a body of rules followed by an assembly
the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned ;
free of clouds or rain ;
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings ;
consistent with fact or reality ; not false ;
worthy of being depended on ;
a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock ;
be used by ; as of a utility ;
family based on male descent ;
work for or be a servant to ;
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something ;
( used of hair or skin ) pale or light-colored ; ;
the striking or working surface of an implement
a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation ;
a range of mental vision ;
a major division of a long written composition ;
be the winner in a contest or competition ; be victorious ;
having strength or power greater than average or expected ;
a stout length of sawn timber ; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes
give help or assistance ; be of service ;
speak , pronounce , or utter in a certain way ;
the territory occupied by a nation ;
establish the validity of something , as by an example , explanation or experiment ;
a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives ;
put into service ; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose ;
be aware of the truth of something ; have a belief or faith in something ; regard as true beyond any doubt ;
deliver a sharp blow , as with the hand , fist , or weapon ;
having skin rich in melanin pigments ;
seek information from ;
look at , interpret , and say out loud something that is written or printed ;
be able to distinguish , recognize as being different ;
imply as a possibility ;
a formal association of people with similar interests ;
stemming from evil characteristics or forces ; wicked or dishonorable ; -Thomas Hardy
recite or repeat a fixed text ;
power to direct or determine ;
fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ;
unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment ;
suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine ;
a flat portable surface ( usually rectangular ) designed for board games ;
record a charge in a police register ;
interpret something that is written or printed ;
( usually plural ) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy ;
a written work or composition that has been published ( printed on pages bound together ) ;
having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ;
the state of being absent ;
affect or afflict suddenly , usually adversely ;
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
very pleasing to the eye ;
an indefinite period ( usually marked by specific attributes or activities ) ;
fill or meet a want or need
characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity ;
a relation such that one thing is dependent on another ;
( chemistry ) the three traditional states of matter are solids ( fixed shape and volume ) and liquids ( fixed volume and shaped by the container ) and gases ( filling the container ) ;
free of noise or uproar ; or making little if any sound ;
be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object ;
( of a baseball ) hit between the foul lines ;
a collection of things that have been combined ; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities
a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
look forward to the probable occurrence of ;
help to some food ; help with food or drink ;
a pane of glass in a window ;
the feelings expressed on a person 's face ;
a district that has been developed to serve some purpose ;
be or become visible or noticeable ;
devoted ( sometimes fanatically ) to a cause or concept or truth ;
immune to attack ; incapable of being tampered with ;
surpassing what is common or usual or expected ;
decide with authority ;
the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation ;
intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality ;
activity directed toward making or doing something ;
( biology ) taxonomic group containing one or more families
a particular day specified as the time something happens ;
having little money or few possessions ;
a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment ;
not faint or feeble ;
living things collectively ;
a number of sheets ( ticket or stamps etc . ) bound together on one edge ;
having no special distinction or quality ; widely known or commonly encountered ; average or ordinary or usual ;
not excessive or extreme ;
relatively large in size or number or extent ; larger than others of its kind ;
make an addition ( to ) ; join or combine or unite with others ; increase the quality , quantity , size or scope of ;
separate and distinct from others of the same group or category ;
decide on and make a declaration about ;
a language unit by which a person or thing is known ;
established customary state ( especially of society ) ;
showing a brooding ill humor ;
rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
make a discovery , make a new finding ;
a characteristic state or mode of living ;
animation and energy in action or expression ;
( architecture ) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
a place where work is done ;
( usually followed by `to ' ) having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something ;
establish after a calculation , investigation , experiment , survey , or study ;
state or say further ;
involving substantial risk ;
take or consume ( regularly or habitually ) ;
to hear and understand ;
material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow ( especially with reference to its quality or use ) ;
( biology ) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera ;
come upon after searching ; find the location of something that was missed or lost ;
( often plural ) a command given by a superior ( e.g. , a military or law enforcement officer ) that must be obeyed ;
an indication that something has been present ;
finish third or better in a horse or dog race ;
Suspected drug lord known as ‘ El Taliban ’ held in Mexico
SC dismisses govt 's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
Israeli ex-spy boss : no trust in leadership over Iran – video
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Damascus ' suicide bombing ' kills 10
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket 's first 100th century
Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
7 states sue over Obama administration 's birth control rule
Israel 's Netanyahu set to call early vote
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
Fact check : Obama 's Supreme Court remarks
Putin , Annan meet on Syria crisis
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
Nigeria : University Bombed in North
U.S. ready to help Chinese activist : official
China 's Wen promises job creation
Russia , China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey , 1 dead
Tropical Storm Joyce forms , stays in open Atlantic
2 Gaza rockets hit Israel ; no injuries
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
Romney names Ryan as running mate
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
Nigeria church blast kills at least 12
French presidential election : first round - live updates
Australia creates world 's largest marine reserves
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Egypt 's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
Malawi confirms President Mutharika 's death
Mali rebels declare independent ' Azawad'
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
Polls open in France for presidential election
The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
Reopen Madeleine case , police urge
16 killed in north Iraq attacks
Mayday : fears for asylum seekers
NATO says four troops killed in " insider " attack in Afghan south
Coty bids $ 10 billion for Avon
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
Probe into motor insurance market
Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
China state news agency : There 's still hope for Syria peace
AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
South Korea to boost nuclear power ?
Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
'Iran won 't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $ 1 billion
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen 's Day
Middle East : Iraq : 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
Greece looks set for repeat election
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Rep. of Congo : 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
I 'll Have Another wins Preakness
Journalists smuggled out of Homs
New rules for US Secret Service
Iranians “ confess ” to nuclear scientist murders
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt 's President
Mandela released from hospital
180 killed in Iran earthquake
Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
British Christians take complaints to European court
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra : USGS
IAF strikes Gaza terror cell ; 1 dead
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza ; death toll now at 38
9 killed , 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq 's Kirkuk
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia 's Papua : US Geological Survey
US decries Pakistan doctor 's fate
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony ? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
US school bans hugging
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning after Canada quake
US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
Apple to pay $ 2.65 / share dividend , buy back $ 10B stock
3 killed , 14 injured in attacks in Iraq
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
Sandy strengthens as nears coast ; Wall Street shut
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
China stocks open lower Friday
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
Man dies in French ' anti-terror operation'
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Capello resigns as England manager
1 dead , 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
Hurricane Sandy gains speed , batters US east coast
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
The Note 's Must-Reads for Wednesday , May 30 , 2012
Senior cleric : Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Annan urges end to Syrian violence
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Poll : Putin to win Russia presidential vote
Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3 %
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
Russia , China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
Lawyers : Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants , state media reports
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Panetta : Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Four men admit London bombs plot
Manmohan in Tehran , asks NAM to take a stand on Syria
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
Syria 's tenuous truce takes hold
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
China 's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
South Africa train crash kills 26
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in : Survey
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander , 5 others
Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
Gusmao powers on in East Timor
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
Russia , China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria ( Reuters )
NATO strongly condemns Syria 's downing of Turkish jet
Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
Israel braces for Arab protests
Gazans fire 89 rockets ; cabinet approves reserve call-up
John Demjanjuk , convicted Nazi death camp guard , dies aged 91
Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik gets 21-year sentence
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
Jersey Murder Trial : Killer ' Hearing Voices'
Madoff 's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Polls open across France in presidential election
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
Mandela Discharged From Hospital
NZ to increase exports to China
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
Donna Summer , Queen of Disco , Dies at 63
Muslims torch Buddhist temples
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
10 killed , 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
Romney , in comeback , has narrow Maine caucus win
Bahrain rejects activists ' appeal
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
Mubarak 's sons face new charges of insider trading
India allows Pakistan investment
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
Nadal through to seventh French Open final
Russia , Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin , report says
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house
Finance minister promises no new taxes
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
Alps attack : Girl returns to UK
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
U.S. , Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Egypt 's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government
2 rockets hit Eshkol ; none injured
Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid
8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Assange to appeal extradition to UK 's top court
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
Activists : Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
Pakistani Mob Kills Man ' for Burning Koran'
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan : officials
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
Will Putin 's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests ?
France 's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
US , UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $ 6.4bn
Ictu , Ibec in move on airline strike
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
Barclays hit by fresh US probe
Closed roads in Armenia
Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
US drone strike kills four in NWA : officials
Tens of thousands rally against Putin 's rule ( AP )
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Obama 's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash : CNN
Israeli , Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
Amnesty investigator : Syria rebels also committing abuses
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
Joachim Gauck elected as German president
South Africa hosts ' peace talks ' in mine standoff
Syria fighting rages in capital , Russia pressed
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
Erdogan 's party aims for Turkish presidency
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians
First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
Turkey , US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
WA man arrested in police drug raid
Fla . Democrats want extended early voting hours
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
QPR 1-2 West Ham : Match report , pictures & video highlights
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
Palestinians : 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Egypt confirms Mubarak 's PM back in presidency race
US Marines killed in base attack
US helping get arms to Syria rebels
UN observers reach Syria massacre village
PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
Romney pledges to ' stand with Israel ' on Iran threat
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Government of Canada Supports Women 's Safety in Regina
No problem if Mulayam forms third front : Digvijay
Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
Charges over dog attack on police
Plane Crash in Ghana : How the international media reported it
Gu Kailai 's Murder Trial Ends in China
Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
Obama , Romney compete for undecideds , stoke base
Two blasts rock Syrian capital
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
Obama says he 's not ' hiding the ball ' on Russia
U.S. , EU welcome Iran 's offer to restart nuclear talks
Obama backs same-sex marriage
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
England captain Strauss retires from cricket
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
Tokyo stocks open lower
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
Officials : Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike ( AP )
Mali 's President Formally Resigns
War crimes : China backs Lanka on UN resolution
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan , March 13
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters and importers
Somali MPs to elect new president
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Sachin Tendulkar 's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters
15 killed in crash in India
Putin sworn in as Russia 's president for 6 years
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Five things to watch in the presidential debate
Dozens of ' flytilla ' activists protest at Paris airport
Custody , images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
Day begins amid panic
US jobless rate seen rising , offering Obama no relief
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Minn . Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Pakistan 's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Polls close in Senegal 's presidential election
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
Mali 's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Putin ' wins ' Russia 's presidential election
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
EU sanctions Assad 's wife ; mortars hit Homs
Women testify at Air Force instructor 's sentencing
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats
Music industry mourns Whitney Houston
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
Nintendo trims red ink , lowers forecast for year
Butler to be tried in " Vatileaks " case
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city , 3 killed
Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Burma 's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
US man recovers car 42 years after theft
Larry Page says Android important , not critical
Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
Romney Promises to ' Restore America'
'Kony 2012 ' director hospitalized
Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S .
Israeli president released from hospital
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton : Davies in at the double
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP , Amar Singh to decide for her
Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
Tennis : Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
Childcare ' costing £ 15,000 a year'
Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Obama , Romney prepare to debate
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
CPAC 2012 : Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel ; none hurt
Britain savors golden night on track
Greek protesters , police clash as bailout deal in limbo
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Press Releases : Yemeni Presidential Election
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Eurozone unemployment hits record high
James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
US presidential election 2012
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
UN team investigates Syrian massacre
AP Poll : Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
China 's defence spending to rise 11.2 %
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange 's asylum
News Summary : Apple buying AuthenTec for $ 356M
US offers $ 10 million for Pakistani militant chief
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Egyptians go to polls in historic election
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
Sex attack on woman investigated
Toulouse shooting : France was on the highest level of security of security alert
Eight more bodies found on ship
Thoughts on race relations under a black president
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
Australian speaker steps aside
Wind farm developers using ' tricks ' to make turbines look smaller
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan : officials
Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea : Match report , pictures & video highlights
US spends $ 50m on carp invasion
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
France 's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
Spanish dilemma gets more acute
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
China stocks open lower Friday
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
Sylvester Stalloneâ € ™ s son , Sage Stallone , found dead in Hol
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
Eurozone avoids recession in Q1 , thanks to Germany
Israel bars German author Grass over poem
The Note 's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4 , 2012
U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
East Timor votes in presidential election
Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
Oil rises after Greek election result
Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
6 dead , several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops ' secrets
Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
Torres finishes 4th , misses out on sixth Olympics
Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
Britain 's Prince Philip hospitalised , to miss jubilee
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
'Housewives ' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72
Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot ; none hurt
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
Gore Vidal , celebrated author , playwright , dies at 86
Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police say they killed 30 + miners
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
Who cares about the Syrian people ?
Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect 's home
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people : Napolitano
Microsoft 's Surface tablet promising , but questions remain
Mobster " Whitey " Bulger 's girlfriend gets 8 years
Mauritanian president shot at
Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa : statement
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
Donna Summer , the queen of disco
Assad makes Red Cross pledge
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
180 dead , 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
Brazil 's ' Pop-Star Priest ' Gets Mammoth New Stage
Washington : Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
Edwards found not guilty on one count ; mistrial on others
Ukraine 's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
'Hunger Games ' sets box office records
Putin ' wins ' Russia 's presidential election
German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
Putin to win Russia 's presidential election
Insight : U.N. chief finds his voice , but remains cautious on China
Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Libyans transfer weapons to army
Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana , 19 injured
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case , official says
India : Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
City Room : Empire State Building Shooting
At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader 's ouster
NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain
U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
'Life-Threatening ' Storms Feared for Midwest
General strike ends : Histadrut , Treasury reach agreement
Indonesian president to visit Australia
ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention
Storm lashes Florida , delaying Republican convention
Freight train derailment , explosion prompts evacuation
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks : officials
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
Ryanair chief hails report findings
Russian air force 's 100th anniversary
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
China 's yuan weakens against USD for third day
Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
Putin sworn in as Russia 's president for 6 years
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Three killed in horror crash are named
6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua , Indonesia -- USGS
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
Breivik : Jail term ' ridiculous'
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic ( the ) : More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Myanmar announces release of prisoners
UK Airline Cancels ' Flytilla ' Tickets on Israel Objections
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident ’ s death
Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
Peace lies over the South China Sea
Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
Romney taped at secret donor talk
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Romney won 't volunteer budget differences
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
Iran 's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven : officials
Sunday Times journalist , French photographer ' killed in Syria'
KL shares lower at mid-morning
Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Rodney King death ruled accidental
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
Afghans , US sign deal on night raids
China truck accident kills 20
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
Secret Service sex scandal ' regret'
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi 's historic trip
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik 's Massacre
S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
When an ally declines
RBA delivers another rate cut
Euro zone to Greece : No rescue without reforms
Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
Obama to meet Batman gun victims
Romney takes lead over Obama with convention " bounce " : Reuters / Ipsos poll
Russia , China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
Two dead , 7 injured in Finland shooting
Pope ’ s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
George Washington 's copy of US Constitution sells for $ 9.8m
Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
US , Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
US soldier ‘ doesn ’ t recall massacre ’
French President Francois Hollande 's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet , dismisses PM
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
Syrian forces bombard Homs , Russia warns of civil war
25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad , Pakistan
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston 's death
North warns of retaliation for Seoul 's naval drill plan
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza : medics
What is Russia thinking on Syria ? A brief guide
Four injured in motorway crash
Syria 's besieged Baba Amr is deserted , Red Cross says
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low
Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
Iran says nuclear talks with UN ' constructive'
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $ 5.55 bn
UK : 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
Romney : I left all management of Bain in 1999
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
Sept . 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
Syrian opposition reports ' massacre'
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi 's party claims win
Obama 's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India 's poorest
Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
South Africa train crash kills 26
Syrian forces bombard Homs , Lavrov arrives for talks
Egyptian election result delayed
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
Report : Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Al Qaeda clashes , blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
David Miliband : my brother and a return to old Labour
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
Sylvester Stallone 's Son Found Dead At Home
Wall Street Ends Mixed
Clinton : US , Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
Stock index futures signal early losses
Man charged with murder in flat
Chinese stocks open lower Friday
US waives riders for Pak aid
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia , Sudan
Egypt 's Mubarak in critical condition
Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va . , 2 million without power
Obama and Romney take stage for first debate
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
Complaints in Russian election mount
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
5 die in strikes on Gaza , militants barrage Israel
Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments , 9 hurt
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Spain 's jobless claims hit new high
Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Two year doping ban for Contador
The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers : NGO
Malawi confirms President Mutharika 's death
China rocked by twin earthquakes
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Syrian forces , rebels clash near Turkey
German parliament endorses Greek bailout
Bombings , clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
London 2012 Olympics : Opening Ceremony to be a ' green and pleasant land ' , says Danny Boyle
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth : reaction
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Armenia 's parliamentary vote a test for president
Pakistan blocks Twitter over ' blasphemy'
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
Best ’ s great day brings West Indies cheer
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Romney wins Illinois primary
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait , Indonesia : USGS
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Button boasts best time after first practice
Rangers voted into third division
Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
Abduct Israelis to free prisoners , Gaza leaders say
A day of rage in Bahrain
DealBook : Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
China 's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July
Homs offensive kills 200
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
Bombs in Thailand kill 14 , wound 340
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
French gunman wants to ' die with weapons in hands'
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
Trade : Pakistan , India agree to take it a step ahead
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
Gazans fire four rockets into Israel ; no injuries
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative
Pakistan avalanche : rescuers search for buried soldiers
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
any large deep body of water .
an actor who plays a principal role .
reach or come to rest .
the act of choosing or selecting .
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification .
the event of something being raised upward .
the act of climbing something .
shine intensely , as if with heat .
cause something to pass or lead somewhere .
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
coerce by violence or with threats .
cease to operate or cause to cease operating .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
have flavor ; taste of something .
behave in a certain manner .
a visual representation of something .
a specialized division of a large organization .
a person who is appointed to a job or position .
contribute to the progress or growth of .
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water .
the act of cracking something .
the act of cracking something .
the act of changing one thing for another thing .
the act of breaking something .
the state of being connected .
change the nature , purpose , or function of something .
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity .
a surface forming part of the outside of an object .
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain .
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center .
place or put on the ground .
a visual representation of something .
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation .
the act of projecting out from something .
express audibly ; utter sounds ( not necessarily words ) .
the state of being excluded .
the act of having and controlling property .
relieve ( someone ) from work by taking a turn .
a brief experience of something .
appear in a certain way .
turning or twisting around ( in place ) .
increase in extent or intensity .
the verbal act of offering .
make sense of ; assign a meaning to .
the act of hiring something or someone .
( computer science ) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper .
limit in quality or quantity .
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something valuable or lost .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture .
expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .
the act or means of getting rid of something .
the act of describing something .
an opinion formed by judging something .
return to a former condition .
take liberties or act with too much confidence .
the act of testing something .
make a film or photograph of something .
the act of rejecting something .
the act of testing something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the physical position of something .
the popular taste at a given time .
an intuitive understanding of something .
cause to become alive again .
let or cause to fall in drops .
the act of testing something .
hold back ; keep from being perceived by others .
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting .
the act of retaining something .
the act of chipping something .
perceive by inhaling through the nose .
the intended meaning of a communication .
cause to adopt a new or different faith .
cause to become violent or angry .
the act of losing someone or something .
a short account of the news .
engrave by means of dots and flicks .
the act of raising something .
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim .
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants .
be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .
the quality of being of practical use .
arrange a program of or for .
give an interpretation or rendition of .
the act of dwelling in a place .
a store or supply of something ( especially of food or clothing or arms ) .
suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine .
a person who is in charge .
the act of dragging ( pulling with force ) .
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting .
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance .
the act of forcing out someone or something .
the act of winding or twisting .
oppose , as in hostility or a competition .
move as if through a sieve .
administer or bestow , as in small portions .
to wind or move in a spiral course .
induce into action by using one 's charm .
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits .
hold in a tight grasp .
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time .
the lower part of anything .
the act of liberating someone or something .
the action of putting something into operation .
cause ( someone ) to undergo something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
make a dry crackling sound .
cover , fill , fix or smear with or as if with gum .
the act of sharing in the activities of a group .
the act of applying paint to a surface .
a growth of similar plants ( usually trees ) in a particular area .
the act of cracking something .
the physical position of something .
a boundary marking the extremities of something .
reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress .
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting .
argue or speak in defense of .
cause to happen or be responsible for .
to put down by force or authority .
cause to march or go at a marching pace .
the act of reducing the amount or number .
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles .
the last section of a communication .
the act of indicating or pointing out by name .
the act of disturbing the mind or body .
the condition of being motivated .
lower the pitch of ( musical notes ) .
the act of making a proposal .
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully .
the speech act of making something evident .
make ready for action or use .
the act of breaking something .
get the meaning of something .
make a copy of with the intent to deceive .
any affliction that causes great suffering .
the act of drawing or hauling something .
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached .
the state of being rejected .
the solid part of the earth 's surface .
the act of starting something .
cover with a primer ; apply a primer to .
make a logical or causal connection .
extend in a different direction .
the act of beginning something new .
the act of giving a false appearance .
observe or plot the moving path of something .
the act of breaking something .
have a disagreement over something .
give an incentive for action .
the act of cutting something into parts .
give surety or assume responsibility .
move from one place to another .
the act of dropping something .
give a performance ( of something ) .
any new participant in some activity .
turn the paddle ; in canoeing .
the act of drawing or hauling something .
the last section of a communication .
the relation of comprising something .
serve as a reason or cause or justification of .
remove from a position or office .
the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new .
the act of starting something .
cause to become widely known .
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose .
the act of giving up ( a claim or office or possession etc . ) .
exclusive control or possession of something .
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere .
money in the form of bills or coins .
a state of extreme poverty .
the act of attaching or affixing something .
the act of rejecting something .
have a wish or desire to know something .
take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
pronounce with an initial sibilant .
an upward slope or grade ( as in a road ) .
a relatively long narrow piece of something .
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly .
recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something .
the act of starting something .
an obligation to pay or do something .
to incline or bend from a vertical position .
preserve in a can or tin .
dress in a certain manner .
the act of raising something .
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for .
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money .
the act of drawing or hauling something .
the act of becoming more distant .
the act of retaining something .
the last ( 12th ) month of the year .
the activity of protecting someone or something .
the act of troubling or annoying someone .
a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation .
get involved or mixed-up with .
a gradual decline ( in size or strength or power or number ) .
a brief experience of something .
the act of chipping something .
make even or more even .
take away the legal force of or render ineffective .
give an interpretation or rendition of .
hit before it touches the ground .
the state of being unsure of something .
the action of putting something into operation .
fix or set securely or deeply .
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc ..
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services .
twist suddenly so as to sprain .
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ .
the act of stopping something .
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace .
the act of damaging something or someone .
the act of forming or establishing something .
support on the back and shoulders .
contrast with equal weight or force .
the quality of not being useful or convenient .
the quality of being important and worthy of note .
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom ( especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner ) .
change toward something smaller or lower .
a chance to do something .
cause to be in an appropriate place , state , or relation .
the trait of wasting resources .
have flavor ; taste of something .
cause to run in panic .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the act of forming or establishing something .
cause to turn on an axis or center .
set into opposition or rivalry .
the physical position of something .
the act of hearing attentively .
the act of designating or identifying something .
the act of liberating someone or something .
the act of dropping something .
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation .
the last section of a communication .
process or result of becoming less or smaller .
the last section of a communication .
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated .
the act of damaging something or someone .
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation .
the state of being rejected .
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life .
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight .
the act of liberating someone or something .
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level .
the act of cracking something .
maintain with or as if with a bet .
the act of stopping something .
rein in to keep from winning a race .
cause to come out in a squirt .
cover or swamp with water .
the amount that can be contained .
have or contain a certain wording or form .
a channel for communication between groups .
lengthen or extend in duration or space .
take or have a position relative to others .
the act of dropping something .
the act of losing someone or something .
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color .
give certain properties to something .
( American football ) a position on the line of scrimmage .
the act of fastening things together .
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort .
the act of dropping something .
serve as the inciting cause of .
come up , as of a liquid .
become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .
adapt to a specified measurement .
alternative names for the body of a human being .
lure or entice away from duty , principles , or proper conduct .
make up something artificial or untrue .
break from a meeting or gathering .
the act of ending something .
a special set of circumstances .
protect , hide , or conceal from danger or harm .
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan .
the act of cracking something .
cause to move back and forth .
the state of being active .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting .
get the meaning of something .
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome .
the act of applying force to propel something .
alternate dramatically between high and low values .
the act of designating or identifying something .
cause to be balanced or suspended .
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect .
the act of forcing out someone or something .
cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense .
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something .
do something that one considers to be below one 's dignity .
( sports ) a division during which one team is on the offensive .
the act of clipping or snipping .
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state .
the act of raising something .
the act or means of getting rid of something .
the quality of being significant .
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .
the act of applying force to propel something .
register formally as a participant or member .
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun .
the act of ending something .
the act of liberating someone or something .
a reason for wanting something done .
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth .
take up , as of debts or payments .
cause to be hanging or suspended .
the act of changing one thing for another thing .
a way or means to achieve something .
the act of liberating someone or something .
time during which some action is awaited .
reverse ( a direction , attitude , or course of action ) .
an established or recognized right .
the act of forming or establishing something .
the occupants of a floor .
the successful action of solving a problem .
cover with flakes or as if with flakes .
a member of a police force .
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with .
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts .
limit in quality or quantity .
the act of hiring something or someone .
the event consisting of the start of something .
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface .
something recalled to the mind .
the act of constructing something .
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept .
affect with or as if with a cramp .
become liquid or fluid when heated .
the act of making up your mind about something .
something additional of the same kind .
the act of removing or getting rid of something .
react to a stimulus or command .
a formal association of people with similar interests .
free from obligations or duties .
the act of dropping something .
the act of putting something in a certain place .
the official currency issued by a government or national bank .
advance or set forth in court .
make a written note of .
the allotment of some amount by dividing something .
a native of ancient Troy .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
the act of terminating a life .
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner .
the act of describing something .
raise from a lower to a higher position .
the act of retaining something .
the rate of increase in size per unit time .
the first part or section of something .
the act of constructing something .
supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .
the act of testing something .
cause to be interested or curious .
the act of making or enacting laws .
the intended meaning of a communication .
come into the possession of .
react to in a certain way .
the state of being covered with unclean things .
the act of choosing or selecting .
make a film or photograph of something .
move or establish in a new location .
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .
an obligation to pay or do something .
a collection of things sharing a common attribute .
urge with or as if with a goad .
a disease of the heart .
decorate ( manuscripts ) with letters painted red .
the act of liberating someone or something .
check or regulate ( a scientific experiment ) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard .
part ; cease or break association with .
put a new heel on .
the act of raising something .
make ( images or sounds ) sharp or sharper .
expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .
measure the depth of ( a body of water ) with a sounding line .
narrate or give a detailed account of .
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music .
the act of looking or seeing or observing .
have a strong desire or urge to do something .
the act of removing or getting rid of something .
a friend who is frequently in the company of another .
hold or carry in equilibrium .
the management of someone or something .
work as a tinker or tinkerer .
the act of forming or establishing something .
the termination of a meeting .
attack as if with claws .
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony .
believe to be the case .
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid .
the act of climbing something .
sever or remove by pinching or snipping .
cause to become widely known .
any area set aside for a particular purpose .
the act of climbing something .
accuse formally of a crime .
the act of creating written works .
the state of being excluded .
collect discarded or refused material .
a business firm that publishes newspapers .
the act of motivating ; providing incentive .
the act of examining resemblances .
make small marks into the surface of .
take up with the tongue .
the act of clipping or snipping .
be equal to in quality or ability .
return in thought or speech to something .
the act of climbing something .
the management of someone or something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
put an end to a state or an activity .
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position .
emit a steady even light without flames .
the act of starting something .
an act ( or failure to act ) that disappoints someone .
a unit of military aircraft .
the state of taking in or encircling .
a person who plants bombs .
suit to a special purpose .
strike with horror or terror .
establish something as being earlier relative to something else .
throw into great confusion or disorder .
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs .
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another ; enables international transactions to take place .
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something .
the act of choosing or selecting .
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors .
the act of retaining something .
add cream to one 's coffee , for example .
consider as part of something .
suit to a special purpose .
the act of losing someone or something .
the state of being depleted .
conform to a metrical pattern .
a small thin branch of a tree .
the act of starting something .
make ( a solid substance ) liquid , as by heating .
form intrigues ( for ) in an underhand manner .
the act of forcing out someone or something .
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed .
walk as if unable to control one 's movements .
something ( as property ) held by one party ( the trustee ) for the benefit of another ( the beneficiary ) .
provide with ( something ) usually for a specific purpose .
the act of winding or twisting .
cause to lean to the side .
an indication of some hidden activity .
the state of being suspected .
stop functioning or cohering as a unit .
the last section of a communication .
be in some specified state or condition .
the act of escaping physically .
make by combining materials and parts .
give a performance ( of something ) .
the act of projecting out from something .
limit the range or extent of .
the act of dropping something .
the act of perceiving the odor of something .
the act of hiring something or someone .
the justification for some act or belief .
( music ) the presentation of a musical theme .
let or cause to fall in drops .
to move or cause to move in a sinuous , spiral , or circular course .
cause to spread in another part of the world .
the act of making a proposal .
a committee appointed to judge a competition .
maintain ( a theory , thoughts , or feelings ) .
settle into a position , usually on a surface or ground .
sever or remove by pinching or snipping .
the act of damaging something or someone .
form the boundary of ; be contiguous to .
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another .
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles .
the act of testing something .
the act of retaining something .
two people who are married to each other .
give certain properties to something .
the activity of supplying or providing something .
the act of raising something .
enclose in or as if in a frame .
make believe with the intent to deceive .
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type .
fly in or as if in a glider plane .
the act of testing something .
open ( a place ) to members of all races and ethnic groups .
go after with the intent to catch .
the center of an object .
an appraisal of the value of something .
form a carpet-like cover ( over ) .
room where work is done .
the act of testing something .
take temporary possession of as a security , by legal authority .
refer for judgment or consideration .
send from one person or place to another .
the act of dwelling in a place .
the act of projecting out from something .
the act of projecting out from something .
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position .
the act of dropping something .
the end or completion of something .
the act of projecting out from something .
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention .
the center of an object .
the act of colliding with something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the act of stopping something .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
have a distinctive or characteristic taste .
be a sign or indication of .
the general outward appearance of something .
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of .
make something , usually for a specific function .
get rid of as if by submerging .
the act of choosing or selecting .
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions .
the act of troubling or annoying someone .
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal .
organize or be responsible for .
compete for something ; engage in a contest ; measure oneself against others .
the act of cracking something .
remove from a position or office .
the act of colliding with something .
ride on someone 's shoulders or back .
the act of mixing together .
a solid piece of something ( usually having flat rectangular sides ) .
the act of moving from one place to another .
the act of admitting someone to enter .
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose .
an entertainer who attracts large audiences .
dispose of ( something useless or old ) .
the state of being excommunicated .
appear or become visible ; make a showing .
correct by punishment or discipline .
lessen in force or effect .
the act of climbing something .
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something .
a list of items ( names or tasks etc . ) to be checked or consulted .
the act of stopping something .
the act of damaging something or someone .
put into a certain place or abstract location .
the act of perceiving the odor of something .
the act of administering medication .
lessen in force or effect .
get on board of ( trains , buses , ships , aircraft , etc . ) .
the act of removing or getting rid of something .
covering for a hole ( especially a hole in the top of a container ) .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .
the act of adding one thing to another .
decide upon or fix definitely .
provide a feast or banquet for .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
a meeting devoted to a particular activity .
give new life or energy to .
Also , who 's to say there aren 't testimonies from " real " health experts on there ?
Then the captain came back .
The problem is simple .
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
I am moving on to ask you the question : " Where ' s the beef " ?
You 're asking me to prove a negative ?
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE ! !
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down .
A WAR in the middle east .
Originally Posted by zaf I give up .
Imagine a place with % men and % women .
there is no chance at a fair trial .
Nirvana is NOT oblivion .
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans .
If you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight .
Who does it now only produce enough for billion ?
Appropriate deferments for the time , eh ?
* * smooches Ran * * Hey , Blue-Eyes , How 's things in London ?
but it seems it would have less " impact " if they didn 't call him white .
According to Zimmerman he did .
My teachers have told me it is bad for you .
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP .
This is why I support the death penalty .
Well , whatever , you 're aware of it now .
Think about all the things you can 't " eat , wear , or live in " .
Matt Holliday owns , y 'all .
People bent the laws .
And here I thought I knew me some math .
I have years of " Neener Neener " rights Hi Wiggies !
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews .
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question .
It 's you who makes no sense .
More expensive cars .
Zimmerman replied , " What are you doing here ? "
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO KT .
" Satyrs don 't exist " - fine .
That 's what I find curious .
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder .
If you asked , progressives , the numbers would be skewed to the left .
I didn 't mention restraining order either .
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
warmed.C from the year prior .
Holy poo poo , this show .
their great wealth is protected by the govt .
Fundamental difference ?
How exactly are they being punished ?
You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down , then shot him " .
God bless I 'm not outraged , I 'm disappointed .
Where does the money come from in the first place ?
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free .
My teachers have told me it is bad for you .
As to would I kill person to save , I have no idea .
It 's imposing a law .
Depends on how you define " extreme " .
Mexico has ZERO claim to California .
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity .
Ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
Still refusing to answer my questions ?
You have to much intervention in free markets , not too little .
You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess ?
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon ?
You mean , you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert ?
We are meant to move .
That Israel doesn 't giva a * * * * what anybody else thinks .
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this .
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo .
Who makes money off google ad sense ?
The bottom line is that the video clip doesn 't show a gas chamber .
Warmer , almost certainly a record .
" Opinionated and stubborn " becomes treat with drugs " .
What 's your definition of nature ?
Could be a simple mistake .
No extortion , no bribery , no money involved Only class E felonies .
Neander 's revised version " ?
Should I just wait it out and see how it goes ?
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon .
I can 't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money !
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one .
Yes , it 's legal to grow .
Pressing one does send a tone .
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim ?
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
He definently has supporters .
Thus , ultimate sovereignty .
no , it 's not an answer .
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from to .
We can 't do it without you . "
No healthy person needs sex .
If it isn 't a person , then WTF is it ?
Do you see Obama calling for Cut , Cap and Balance ?
" Elves don 't exist " - fine .
i started it last night xanis .
Gotta love the EK factoid that " Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA .
" Satyrs don 't exist " - fine .
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out .
I have years of " Neener Neener " rights they are crack ups .
@ NickFun , Has anyone heard from Dutchy ?
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
Therefore you are not a Christian .
I repeat : And the simple fact today ?
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it .
You 're such a bad person ! "
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid .
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED .
Do you not understand what the word ' led ' implies ?
There is no freedom of speech .
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah .
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid ?
Men and women are different yes ?
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification .
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child ?
Isn 't that redundant and repetetive ?
Originally Posted by Vienna To ' say ' what ?
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions .
It finished as a work of fiction .
If it wasn 't alive , then it would miscarriage on it 's own .
Hi Ollie : That is absolutely amazing .
Imagine a place that 's % white and % black .
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free .
" Leprechauns don 't exist " - fine .
Please , what about them are not true .
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything .
" Being against using nukes " means " not wanting to use nukes " .
My great niece is half black .
The Japanese population is nearly million .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
I hope everything is ok !
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor .
GL , Terral Hi Corn : So , you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote ?
It 's not how it was sold , gb .
I 'd hate to be him too .
Of course there were no weapons .
It 's amusing to think it even might be true .
Again , personal responsibility .
And to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat ?
Where is the slant against Bush ?
That 's simple logic If it wasn 't bollocks it wouldn 't be homeopathy .
I 've never accused him of doctoring a baseball .
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading .
officers have told me its bad for you .
His position is the way it is currently .
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion ?
I have many problems with these men , way to many to state here !
No has has shut down the oil fields .
i don 't want a president who is charasmatic .
I don 't have a proposed model .
no missile witnesses .
officers have told me its bad for you .
I have the pregnancy ticker .
Then he is malevolent .
tin foil hat for the sarg , what size do u wear ?
Or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers .
If your stick hits a guy in the face , you 're getting a penalty .
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator .
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg ?
Imagine a place that 's % white and % black .
It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by . % / yr .
get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline .
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
Out of touch and untrustworthy ?
In fact , it 's just the Dutch .
@ Lustig Andrei , We 're talking about angels and common pins again , right ?
slanted blogs And when did I do that ?
How much is spent on abortions services ?
Did the transaction take place ?
There is no more sperm cell .
Anyway , welcome back .
I don 't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $ , bet .
I haven 't made any claims .
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian .
the problem is who doesn 't have money .
I don 't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic .
Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me .
If so , alot of inventors , writers should take prescription drugs ..
Yes what are his charges .
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath ?
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it .
its not an official deployment .
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
not well Alright just got in .
I haven 't read the books , but I saw the movie today .
This is the Moloch scene .
@ edgarblythe , So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible ?
You need to polish up on your logic skills .
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife .
and i 'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are .
OMG , " Einstein didn 't go to college . "
Income tax , top rate : percent .
Being drunk is unacceptable .
He hasn 't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show .
Therefore , the universe has an explanation of its existence .
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them ?
And I don 't fight for marriage .
If they were Catholics , I would call them Catholics .
She was a nice lady .
Why hate people because they are successful ?
You seem as irritated as Henry .
Hilited your common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
-CryptoLutheran No . We have a Christian in office right now .
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce .
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know .
I said YOU had gotten soft .
Most times , % of the time , we are getting what we expect .
Ben , Stop trying to find excuses for the man .
So , short form , yes , it probably is different in different countries .
The physical evidence does not support your claim .
But he said EVERY level .
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
It is mostly just the Dutch .
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court .
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime .
Chuck I 'd offer Iran a deal .
Opinions are different .
It 's imposing a law .
One word : Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that ?
LIBERTARIAN / ANARCHO-CAPITALISM : You have two cows .
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal ?
I then asked : What are they trying to hide ?
That would make you a sort of accessory , I think .
" Would you like to wear your seatbelt ? "
to repeat : They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
I don 't see him as evil at all .
We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black .
Martin said , " Why are you following me ? "
Religion that doesn 't do that I don 't have a problem with .
If I 'm hyper active , it will show up in one of those scans ..
If you want to buy a house or a SUV , again , who cares ?
Everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of Northwest Africa .
If you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight .
Sometimes I , too , fantasise about bending people before my demented will .
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you .
It 's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy .
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions ?
" Get the government into everything ? "
Hilited your common sense / deductive reasoning thing .
I 've assumed this as well in my argument .
Jury nullification means a law isn 't Constitutional ?
I 'm " a bunch of cells . "
Mann 's work and the HS was all about Tree rings .
I 'm so sorry , Kelly .
I don 't like many flavored drinks .
I hope your LO is ok .
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one .
Do you see Hitler killing Jews ?
Your good friend Mitt .
Doesnt mean its a BAD option .
You need to reread what I wrote .
Imagine a place that 's % white and % black .
My kids busted in and said ' whats that Dad ? '
Jay My ex-fiance wouldn 't use the VA or Navy doctor 's .
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed .
@ Lustig Andrei , Thank you , Lustig .
This breaks the daily record of set in .
Martin said , " Why are you following me ? "
So , I don 't know how legitimate this is but yeah .
Hasn 't council tax been frozen for most people ?
Your misogyny is getting messy .
Nah , that 's not how it works .
buwhahahaha Breathe In , Breathe Out , Move On .
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together .
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing .
@ Cyracuz , What you want to call it is up to you .
Jury nullification means a law isn 't Constitutional ?
What conviction would that be ?
Furthermore I found this : So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out .
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married .
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty .
How many threads do you plan on making ?
So which system isn 't working for us ?
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right .
Russians in Damascus !
Er , that 's not how dilution works .
I don 't think what she 's saying is that controversial .
Chaos is merely people voting .
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
The theme song to Cheers : We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before .
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it .
i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this ?
There is no " WAR " in the middle east .
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him .
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
I 'm " a bunch of cells . "
You are a girl douche .
No . Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional .
voted Voted It 's definitely NOT what it used to be .
The manufacturer has to convince the government it 's safe .
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote .
" Goblins don 't exist " - fine .
He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry ?
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
And , Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him .
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven .
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid ?
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
What will be the response in California ?
See that makes no sense .
Refresh your memory : Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers ?
If the universe has an explanation of its existence , that explanation is God .
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics .
And to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
Use of force by aggressor .
That 's what the historical record shows .
The theme song to Cheers : We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
In fact , it 's just the Dutch .
I like watching kids play .
@ sozobe , I think Santorum 's more likely than Gingrich .
Why are they looking at each other like that ? ! ? !
Are you driving a fucking Volt ?
Irreligion that doesn 't do that I don 't have a problem with .
Would he be better for American society ?
again , this is not a constitutional issue .
Hi Eots : YOU FOOLS .. bought the cover-up .. hook ..
" Pressing the number one does English . "
What conviction where you talking about before ?
Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking , rather realistic .
The point you quote should say " I never said rehabilitation could never work . "
Did anyone see the footage of this ?
Red Fox standing by .
That just isn 't how legal reasoning works .
You don 't know if those factors account for the warming , or not .
He too notified Captain Lord .
Thus , Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic .
Are you driving a fucking Volt ?
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state .
Foxe was mostly frozen .
@ cicerone imposter , Frank , I observe and perceive .
Government spying on its own citizens , that 's fine .
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Lower than per cent but not very low .
It 's not how it was sold , gb .
God probably does not exist .
buwhahahaha Breathe In , Breathe Out , Move On .
I think we all agree on the nature of the change .
The bad thing is there 's space .
Ha , ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today .
It is a question that needs to be answered .
I purport to value human life very highly .
The mosquitoes posts .
don 't want a president that is compassionate .
Do you have anything to make it more compelling ?
The point you quote should say " I never said rehabilitation could never work . "
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall ?
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone .
Stop avoiding the question .
Haiti has been a shithole .
I don 't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic .
The worst part is that he 's not even a Leafs fan !
I am hoping he is into a second term of office .
Voracek with the goal .
Sure , it is possible his home was affected , but not the school .
Because the people had awakened .
The California was a cargo ship .
And until they decide that , " the statute is presumed constitutional . "
The ignorance is yours !
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites .
How do you know which story is the right one ?
Ah ha , ha , ha , ha , ha !
Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base .
Obama is Bush 's fault .
I don 't prefix or suffix everything with " you hate Jews . "
Never , did I ever , did I say blacks were going to riot .
And you didn 't have to .
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth .
Paul did not preach faith without works .
Everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of Northwest Africa .
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse .
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it 's not all Iranian related either .
You might not like the positions he holds , but atleast he has them .
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters .
This is rich coming from a conservative .
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek !
Just so long as the tax is paid .
Islam has always been political .
Originally posted by Vitchilo March is also the date for the uprising in CHINA .
I hope everything is okay .
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics ?
Respectfully submitted , Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past .
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda .
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim .
His " friends " say that he was confronted by his car .
There is no war in the Middle east .
Pro-life also refers to just " opposition to abortion " .
- Income , top rate : percent .
The theme song to Cheers : We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
LOL , you are so ignorant .
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the problem is who doesn 't have money .
Ford didn 't accept taxpayer money to save the company .
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita .
Then your confusion doesn 't make me a liar either .
When Muslims are extreme it 's terrorism .
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important .
Atomic theory is not an opinion , not a belief .
You want others to decide over a woman body .
Where in the world is the MEDIA ? ?
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon .
For the trillionth time , I 've never said rehabilitation doesn 't work .
Everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of Northwest Africa .
my hair is pretty thing tho : / woops !
And I don 't fight for marriage .
People are responsible for their actions .
Did the transaction take place ?
It 's not the same thing .
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
the problem is who doesn 't have money .
It doesn 't say that it didn 't participate .
Look forward to seeing it !
Originally Posted by IZZY !
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today .
Except that they couldn 't .
If I owe you a trillion dollars , you have a problem .
If a position is unverifiable ; then it should be rejected .
Everyone in the world at the current " prosperity " level of Northwest Africa .
And , Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him .
Is there a test to own a firearm in the US ?
I thought it was good , and I didn 't find it confusing .
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong ?
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution .
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility .
This is our country .
Originally Posted by zaf in the long term , yes .
Addie Joss Cone threw an game .
Edited by LashL : Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post .
The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification .
paranoid Got any proof ?
you don 't use the search button AT ALL , do you ?
Paul doesn 't have a shot .
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders .
And to be fair , do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying ?
What if they had a personal bias ?
Specifically Gnostic .
And parts of the west coast .
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not ?
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands .
What is your definition of " soul " ?
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents .
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority .
@ ossobuco , Could this have been an enema ?
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing .
mexico wishes to avoid more violence .
spain currently holds the osce 's presidency .
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990 .
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province .
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years .
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable .
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others .
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover .
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe ( cfe ) treaty .
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia .
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises .
the center will formally open in 2009 .
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs .
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations .
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible .
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week .
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990 .
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia , particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces .
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site .
methamphetamine is also known as ice .
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons .
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government .
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty .
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty .
myanmar was formerly called burma .
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua , nicaragua .
russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction .
these human rights violations include summary executions , torture and the recruitment of child
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology .
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract .
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force .
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s .
russia is a member of the nsg .
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient .
the iaea has been investigating iran 's nuclear activities for 4 years .
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy .
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai .
the drug has been around in other forms for years .
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran 's nuclear program and activities .
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars .
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups .
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .
police stated that-- chung has been on the run .
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles .
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking .
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe .
the osce meeting was held in madrid .
the cfe treaty was established in 1990 .
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china is an important force for promoting world development .
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project .
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment .
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc .
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament .
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup .
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan .
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons .
western countries ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming .
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 .
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare .
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing 's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq .
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china .
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia .
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia .
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program .
abuja is the capital of
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons ( 5.5 tons ) of opium and morphine .
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons .
north korea is a reclusive state .
shalgam 's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 .
it presents a major threat to global security .
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking .
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity .
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed .
khoramabad is a city in western iran .
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnappings and the funding of terrorism .
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months .
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months .
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014 .
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal .
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes .
capital offences in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
bae systems is the uk 's largest military
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces .
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze .
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders .
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way .
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe .
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies .
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan .
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society .
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program .
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london .
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports .
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful .
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail .
lima is the capital of
the official spoke on condition of anonymity .
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe .
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate .
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue .
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension .
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists .
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry .
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy .
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial .
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe .
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin .
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds ( approximately 13.9 billion us dollars ) to the uk defense company bae systems .
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin .
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project .
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism .
many of the people executed are hanged in public .
the united states and some european nations believe that iran 's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons .
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security .
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir .
the iaea report is restricted .
nato regrets russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe .
the u.s. , other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire .
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal .
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism .
myanmar 's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking .
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society .
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas .
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants .
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items , materials , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapons delivery systems .
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited .
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar .
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe .
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building , transparency and cooperation measures between member
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula .
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms .
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government 's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions .
the treat was originally signed in 1990 .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty .
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers ' party ( pkk ) .
the osce meeting lasted two days .
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking .
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia 's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran .
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education , business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer .
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons ( opaq ) will also take part in the meeting .
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes .
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry .
it presents a major threat to global security .
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution .
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty .
a hp / detijd journalist learned about tno 's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry 's archives .
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war .
the treaty limits the number of aircraft , tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe .
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia .
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group .
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power .
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility .
france is a leader in the european space agency .
myanmar has a military junta .
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public .
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums .
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists .
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction .
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation .
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar : making a mockery of the eu arms embargo ?
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms ( 24 pounds ) of heroin .
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people 's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china .
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment .
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space .
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar .
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security .
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force .
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region .
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan .
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n. ' s nuclear watchdog .
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade , economic and technological exchanges .
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea 's nuclear weapons program .
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded .
defense chiefs from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia signed the agreement .
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government 's lower house last week .
van der merwe suspended geiges ' sentence to 5 years imprisonment .
bam is a city in southeastern
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions .
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes .
unger stated brazil 's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry .
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering , tax evasion and corruption .
the alh 's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets , guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company .
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent .
the killers escaped .
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999 .
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day .
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia 's relations with the united states and europe .
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences .
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction .
the areva group is the world 's largest nuclear engineering firm .
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers .
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china .
myanmar is the world 's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report .
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws .
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes .
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations .
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle .
vietnam 's drug laws are among the world 's strictest laws .
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia .
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
russia ratified the amended treaty .
the osce discussed kazakhstan 's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009 .
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency 's director general .
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney 's speech on china 's military development .
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999 .
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks .
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community .
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts .
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions .
iran is an islamic republic .
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore .
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program .
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems .
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province .
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf states .
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government .
p5 + 1 members are britain , china , france , russia , germany and the united states .
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility .
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy 's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama .
south africa 's foreign ministry stated that south africa 's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance .
france is a leader in the european space agency .
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences .
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology .
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis ( parliament ) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel 's visit to cuba .
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack .
godzhayev and godzhayev 's lawyers were not immediately available to comment .
the western governments include the united states and france .
the chinese government has strictly censored china 's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years .
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe .
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation 's security interests .
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad 's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad 's home .
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia .
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms .
paris is the capital of france .
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional .
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism .
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il .
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law .
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems .
iraq 's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government .
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty .
helmand province is the world 's largest producer of opium .
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations .
the meetings lasted 2 days .
the ministers from china , laos , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing .
china is a permanent member of the un security
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program .
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore .
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia 's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure .
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute .
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial .
israel remains outside the treaty .
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east .
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version .
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces .
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society .
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking .
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years .
it is a serious threat to international security .
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering , blackmail , arms smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering .
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site .
the international atomic energy agency is based in
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer .
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking .
russia 's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary .
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india .
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe .
korobeynichev 's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes .
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal .
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic .
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies .
in early may 2002 the philippines , malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence .
leaders from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union .
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing , acquiring or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapons , the materials to make them , and the missiles and other systems to deliver them .
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog .
there is much work to be done .
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar .
capital offenses in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government .
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un .
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced .
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998 .
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group .
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail .
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking .
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation .
In Kenya , attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands : USGS
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
U.S. , Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
Suicide bomber strikes in Syria
China detains 7 for " house sister " scandal
Syria military police chief defects to rebels
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
White House backs gay marriage
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
Swiss tourist gang raped in India , say police
Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank
Israel launches airstrike into Syria
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
'9 Dead ' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
North Korea ' postpones ' family unions with South Korea
U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung , bans iPhone 4 imports
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
David Beckham retires from football
Matt Smith quits BBC ’ s Doctor Who
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
Man ' who set himself ablaze ' on National Mall dies
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
Syrian prime minister ' survives assassination attempt'
Residents return to Texas blast site
Shinzo Abe is Japan 's prime minister
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
Bangladesh Islamist leader executed
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
Eleven killed in China police station attack
Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan , 50 killed
EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor , succeeding Michael Bloomberg
Thai opposition announces election boycott
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail
Telangana : Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital ; blackout continues in Seemandhra
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
Central African Republic President , PM stepping down
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
China and Taiwan hold historic talks
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Blizzard wallops US Northeast , closes roads
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
Hundreds dead or injured in China quake
May Housing Starts Up 6.8 %
Two French journalists killed in Mali
Cuba 's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
Vehicles ' left burning ' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
Nelson Mandela released from hospital
Daily Press Briefing : Syria
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
Gunshots , explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls
Egypt 's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood , supporters
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days
Today in History , Jan. 21
Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
It 's official : Deal reached on " fiscal cliff "
Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding , given warning
Russia , China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
Russia unveils $ 25bn oil link to Pacific
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
Spain turning back the clock on siestas
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs , Awaiting Assad Order
Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast
15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
Jenni Rivera , Mexican music star , dies in plane crash
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
Zimbabwe : Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
Indonesia : Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood ' activities'
Rouhani leads in initial Iran count
Israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of Prisoner X
Politicians in flag violence talks
Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative , Catherine Ashton , on the resumption of executions in Iraq
Egypt bracing for massive protests
Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners
US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks
Palestinians ' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
Chinese general ’ s son gets 10 years ’ jail for gang-rape
Nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan
Hamas in mixed-sex school ' ban'
1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
Factbox : What to look for in Obama 's State of the Union speech
Google ' are playing international tax game'
Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
Kosovo : 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
Hrithik Roshan , Sussanne to divorce
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq
Obama puts Syria strike on hold
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria 's Deraa
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
Two dead , 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information .
Snowden releases first Russia video
Chinese shares close higher Friday
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
India ’ s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
Brazil leader breaks silence about protests
Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53 %
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
Pictures of the day : 11 April 2013
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo
Jesse Jackson Jr . , Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud
U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
20 killed , 44 injured in Philippine road accident
Stansted : Ryanair reports 13 % rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
On 50th anniversary of JFK death , Dallas holds its first memorial
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Google shares soar past $ 1,000 on strong earnings
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son
Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
Gov 't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
Philadelphia building collapses ; reports of people trapped
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
Chinese students attacked in France
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Syria talks agree military aid to rebels
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar , 5 people detained
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
Red grapes , blueberries boost human immunity
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
San Fermin bull-running festival starts
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $ 389 million
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
Bangladesh : Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi , None Hurt
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
12 militants killed in Afghan raids : ministry
North Korea launches short-range missiles
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
Hugo Chavez : Venezuelan officials for unity
NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
Indian stocks open lower
Macau gambling revenue hits record US $ 38b in 2012
Israelis , Palestinians begin talks
The Note 's Must-Reads for Tuesday , October 8 , 2013
Nelson Mandela dies : Live coverage
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport
Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case
Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya
North Korea launches short-range missiles
EU ministers ' determined ' to resolve horsemeat scandal
U.S. concerns grow about Syria 's chemical weapons
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia 's Great Barrier Reef
Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
Insurance is key to fostering economic growth
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
Demolition work to begin at stadium
Most French support military operation in Mali
23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines
Egyptians vote on constitution change
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
6 dead , 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
NATO troops killed in Afghan ' insider attack'
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
Football : Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
Tunisia opposition leader slain ; protests erupt
Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
Stocks slump on Wall Street
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
2 killed , 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
Radio prankster in tears over nurse ’ s death
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown
Gates blast rocks Obama administration
Jeff Bezos Pays $ 250 Million For The Washington Post
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea ’ s elite
South Africa 's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
Obama pledges to make new health care law work
Fresh rain brings more flooding
Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday , July 12 , 2013
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
Thai protesters besiege more ministries
Amazon 's Bezos buys Washington Post for $ 250-M
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion : minister
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
David Beckham Retires From Football
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Libya closes borders , declares martial law in south
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
Lara plans visit to Nepal
Taliban prison break : 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
Meteorite hits central Russia , 400 hurt
North Korea nuclear test
Blizzard wallops US Northeast , closes roads
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
Obama : Congress , world credibility on line
At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
Many killed in Syrian air strike
Egypt 's interior minister survives bomb attack
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
Putin 's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
Egypt 's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi , prays for calm
Syria opposition agrees to talks
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
US stocks ease in choppy trading
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
China police seek eight suspects over crash
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia ’ s Volgograd
15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
EU jobless hits fresh record
Mugabe sworn in for another term
Nelson Mandela 's health ' unstable'
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
David Cameron : Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
Libya ‘ destroys last chemical weapons ’
Iran : Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai , kill 4
Asian markets lifted by positive US , China data
South Africa : Mandela in hospital for tests
Iran , world powers agree nuclear deal
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
Stocks close 2.47 % higher
Pakistan Taliban vows revenge , to repay Hakimullah 's killing in bloodshed
'Dozens killed ' in Syrian air strike on bakery
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Destruction of Syria 's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
California wildfire forces evacuation of homes , university
UN : US drone strikes violate Pakistan 's sovereignty
Obama hails Mandela 's inspiration effect
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
Russia , Syria Work on ' Concrete ' Chemical Weapons Plan
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
South Africa admits possible ' mistake ' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
Iran vows to preserve " peaceful " nuclear program
Oh , little town of Bethlehem — for real
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
Obama : Patriot missile batteries , troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
NATO troops killed in Afghan ' insider attack'
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
A battle to retake north Mali : Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels
India : Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
Syria , opposition agree ' in principle ' to attend peace conference
Afghan president approves new election law
Algeria mulls international force for hostages
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
Fiscal cliff : House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital
Contraceptive pill ' doubles glaucoma risk'
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
Malaysia 's ruling coalition wins majority
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
Police : 19 hurt in NOLA Mother 's Day shooting
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
Egypt : Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote , Navalny cries foul
Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq 's Diyala
Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
Apple app sends drivers to airport
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot
Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
Belarus , Latvia to set up border commission
Iraq violence kills seven
Protests continue in Brazil
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt 's Sinai
Iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
Iran says it has seized U.S. drone ; U.S. says it 's not true
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
Allen defends self against Farrow 's abuse claims
Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
UN votes to eliminate Syria 's chemical weapons
Edward Snowden 's father in Moscow
US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
Now , militants battle Pakistani police
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
Facebook profits jump as user base expands
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
News summary for January 14
Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
Rogers , Videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal
China stocks close lower on Thursday
Bulgaria President Backs Protesters , Opposes Snap Elections
Indonesia : Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
Bangladesh executes opposition leader
Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months
Italy to swear in new coalition government
South Africans mourn , celebrate Mandela
US Senate passes gay workers bill
For first time in history , Technion to teach engineering in Russia
Indian stocks open higher
Maldives holds fresh presidential election
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
What the Papers Say , June 25 , 2013
Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM
Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case : All five accused arrested
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
Egypt 's interim president swears in new Cabinet
Oscar Pistorius ' shot Steenkamp in bathroom'
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
End ' near ' for Syria 's chemical weapons
Egypt : Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Freed Pussy Riot pair stir up anti-Putin protests
Pakistan Shi 'ites demand protection from militants
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
Philippines and rebels reach ' wealth deal'
Urgent : Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
Israel launches air strikes near Damascus
Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines
Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $ 3m bribe
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
Iran says capable of jamming foes ' communication systems
Israel 's Peres calls for return to peace talks
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1 : 15 PM
Indian stocks close lower
US makes case for action against Syria
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
South African police arrest 50 in farm protest
China flu death toll rises to six
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
Designer , Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81
Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
Brazil leader promises reform vote
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
Japan , US hold talks linked to regional trade pact
Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
Man sets himself on fire at Washington 's National Mall
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
India Ink : Image of the Day : March 20
Watch live : US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
6 killed , 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers
Abduction teacher to be sentenced
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
Held in Guatemala , software guru McAfee fights deportation
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
John Boehner : from humble origin , fiscal cliff may be his undoing
Biden calls for trust in building ‘ new relationship ’ with China
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
Kerry : No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
Turkey unrest : Unions call for strike over police crackdown
Moody 's upgrades Greek credit rating
Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
South Africa 's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes £ 600m charge
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
North , South Korea hold rare talks
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan : officials
Kenya : Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
Obama to set out gun control plans
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall , 2 wounded
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
'War crime ' : U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
6 killed in Mexico ‘ monster truck ’ crash
8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent
Robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels in Cannes , police say
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan
Virginia 's ex-Gov . Bob McDonnell , wife charged with corruption
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands : CENC
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
Hard-hit hotels ready for price war
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
‘ Nelson Mandela is recovering ’
1 dead , 39 injured in E China road accident
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
Tornadoes , damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest , killing 5
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
IAEA , Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election
China Premier Li rejects ' groundless ' US hacking accusations
US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
Picture of the Day
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years ' jail for gang rape
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother 's Day parade shooting
Egypt 's interim president swears in new Cabinet
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
Afghan president approves new electon law
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
Egypt 's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
Israeli minister slams Kerry ’ s boycott warning
Kenya SC upholds election result
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
10 Things to Know for Today
White House , defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding
Zambia 's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer , unrest in Israel jails
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
Five Killed in Blasts in India
Egypt : Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed 's next chair
French forces seize key town
Bolivia 's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
Nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
3 killed , 138 injured in Boston blasts : media
Malala leaves British hospital
Internet service resumes in Syria
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
Residents return to Fallujah
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
New glories for China in striving for renewal
Stock futures edge higher , all eyes on Fed
China stocks close lower on Friday
Apple stock plunges 11 % after earnings disappointment
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
occupied Palestinian territory : Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Hamas senior denies Gaza , PA coordinated on peace talks
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
KL shares mixed at mid-day
US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan
Egypt court turns down Mubarak 's release request
François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq 's Camp Ashraf
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
Egypt violence : Student killed in clashes at Cairo ’ s Islamic university
Helicopter crashes in London
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Japan , S Korean military planes defy China 's new defence zone
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
8 dead , 11 missing in SW China landslide
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
5 Taliban , 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
Algeria hostage death toll rises
French set for Mali ground combat
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
Storm death toll rises as wind , rain batters north . Europe
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over ' Sex Abuse'
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
India building collapse kills 14 ; dozens trapped
Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu 's leadership crumbles
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
Thai protesters launch Bangkok ' shutdown'
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘ insider attack ’
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
Glasgow Helicopter Crash : At Least Six Dead
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin
SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
Many killed in Syrian air strike
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
Clinton returns to work , plans to testify on Benghazi attack
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
Thieves steal Channel swimmer 's wheelchair
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
Obama to press Congress to act on economy
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey
Twin quakes kill 89 in China
Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering , killings
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Japan ’ s GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1 %
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
Bangladesh building collapse : death toll climbs to 580
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
Egypt : Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
South Africa : Mandela remains in hospital
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches .
Two green and white trains on tracks .
A white cat stands on the floor .
A large boat on the sea .
Red double decker bus driving down street .
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge .
A passenger train sits in the station .
Woman at table busy with something .
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor .
A side view of a horse 's head .
Group of elderly people sitting around a table .
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed .
A jockey riding a horse in a pen .
A brown horse stands in a lush green field .
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road .
A young girl riding a brown horse .
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree .
A black and white cat playing with a blanket .
A moped in front of ruins .
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby .
Four people eating dessert around a table .
A black dog standing in a field .
A close up view of a bottle of water .
A close up of an ostrich face .
A sheep grazing in a field .
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table .
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed .
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind .
A small white car parked at the gas station .
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie .
A white cat looking out of a window .
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls .
A brown horse stands in a lush green field .
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background .
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background .
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough .
A red and brown bird is perched on branches .
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle .
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer .
Black and brown table in living room setting .
A brown horse in a green field .
A black and white cow in a pen with hay .
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet .
A race care driving along a dirt road .
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door .
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass .
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water .
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic .
The skinny cows are standing on the grass .
A group of horses grazing in a field .
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it .
Messy computer desk with two monitors .
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room .
The tan horse is in the pasture .
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop .
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture .
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background .
four people sitting at a table .
A red two story bus driving along the street .
Two women sitting outside laughing .
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence .
The white ducks are standing on the ground .
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa .
A young woman with a black top and a necklace .
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .
A cruise ship docked at shore .
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt .
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind .
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen .
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
A cat looking at the camera .
A double decker bus on a city street .
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop .
Large green boat floating on water.l .
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car .
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees .
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground .
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp .
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear .
A smiling woman holding a small baby .
A group of horses grazing in a field .
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food .
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway .
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed .
Two bald eagles perched on a branch .
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter .
Blue couch in room with sun shining in .
A man and woman are posing for the camera .
Room with several computer monitors .
Several cardinals stand in the snow .
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass .
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country .
A passenger train waiting in a station .
A blackbird sitting on the ground .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
a woman is standing by a pillar where " u2 " is written .
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear .
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background .
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates .
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building .
A little bird floating in the water .
A white cat stands on the floor .
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch .
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post .
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow .
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign .
A mostly black train on a track .
Several sheep grazing in the field .
Two animals grazing next to a mountain , and a body of water .
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .
A passenger train waiting at the city train station .
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood .
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore .
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow .
A flat screen TV on the floor .
A bicycle in a dining room .
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair .
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow .
A train on the train tracks .
A train on the train tracks .
Young couple sitting on couch .
A group of people are outside a decrepit building .
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch .
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera .
Two bald eagles perched on a branch .
Young couple sitting on couch .
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep .
Two cats are looking at a window .
Red double decker bus with hood up .
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle .
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow .
The black and white bull is looking at the camera .
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van .
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
Two sheep are standing , looking at the camera , face opposite directions .
a black and white photo of a cat lying down .
A dark brown horse standing in a field .
An Apple computer sitting on the floor .
A dog sleeping under a table .
A bus drives down a busy road .
Sail boat sailing on the water .
A red sports car driving quickly on a track .
Two smiling women holding a baby .
Small dog sitting next to white wall .
A white tour bus with red , orange and yellow stripes .
A red double decker bus on a city street .
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
Large cruise ship floating on the water .
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars .
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera .
A cat looking out of a window .
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field .
A potted plant with only a few sprouting .
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track .
four people are on a boat on green water .
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet .
A plane in the sky .
An old train sits idle on the tracks .
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer .
A passenger train waiting in a station .
A passenger jet flies through the air .
A grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
A man dressed for a race relaxes .
Two smiling women holding a baby .
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse .
A grey cat laying on a dining table .
People sitting on acouch .
A group of horses grazing in a field .
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV .
Two trains are traveling on the track .
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch .
A sheep standing near her children .
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant .
A close up of an ostrich face .
A person jumping a motorbike in the air .
Many sheep standing on a green hill .
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch .
Sail boat floating on the blue water .
Red and white plane flying through the air .
A man with a top hat riding a white horse .
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .
A pink bicycle is in front of a building .
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat .
A red and white double decker bus is parked .
A red double decker bus on a crowded street .
A woman taking her own photo from above .
A black faced sheep .
Two small birds perched on a metal bar .
A green bus drives down a road .
Wooden cabinets in kitchen .
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table .
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day .
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans .
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth .
A blue jay standing in a grassy field .
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky .
A woman in a pink top posing with beer .
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard .
A girl sitting in a living chair .
Train gliding on tracks .
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs .
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach .
four people sitting at a table .
A wooden table is set with candles , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .
A woman with a white horse .
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears .
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa .
A large bird is flying through the air .
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background .
White bus parked in grass in front of building .
People riding horses in a fenced area .
Black train idle on the tracks .
A white Jeep parked on a street .
Two men talking in front of a plane .
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle .
The silver train is parked in a station .
A child sits in a large black leather chair .
People stand outside a bookstore .
A plane flying near the sunset .
Two eagles sitting on a long branch .
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden .
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage .
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door .
Two men sailing in a small sailboat .
A motorcycle parked next to a car .
A red , double-decker bus .
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background .
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table .
Man standing in front of a silver rail car .
Close up image of a sheep with it 's tongue hanging out .
a black and white cow standing in the field .
A small bird perched on an icy branch .
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
A man riding a white horse .
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass .
A black and white cat standing in front of a window .
A train traveling down the tracks .
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera .
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost .
A man with a top hat riding a white horse .
Train pulling into a station .
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field .
A woman riding a brown horse .
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree .
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background .
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man , which is in a cobble stone paved plaza .
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse .
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage .
Three televisions , on on the floor , the other two on a box .
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees .
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves .
A dog laying in a pet jacket .
A large sheep standing on a hill .
a black and white cow standing in the field .
a blue and red airplane while in flight .
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway .
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse .
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car .
Three men eating in a kitchen .
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse .
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain .
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .
Child milking a cow outside .
A sheep standing in a forest .
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor .
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa .
Two men sailing in a small sailboat .
Two rams stand on snowy ground .
The train sits at the train station .
A room with four computer monitors in a row .
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street .
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence .
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground .
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera .
Three men in suits sitting at a table .
Three dark haired young women in white , red and black sweaters .
A black and white photo of an old train station .
The back of a sign with stickers on .
Two horses standing in a pen .
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television .
The white airplane is flying in the sky .
A black and white horned cow standing in a field .
Two women are sitting in a cafe .
A red double decker bus driving down a street .
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug .
A man and woman are posing for the camera .
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair .
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table .
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass .
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline .
White bus parked in grass in front of building .
A woman wearing jeans , a dark bikini top , and a bracelet .
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow .
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background .
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background .
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television .
A passenger plane parked on a runway .
Close up of the headlights on a blue car .
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
A passenger train sits in the station .
A close-up of a horse .
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain .
A red and white England bus drives down the street .
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard .
A person dressed in white on a brown horse .
A jockey riding a horse in a pen .
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals .
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture .
A train is running down the track in a rural area .
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening .
A man stands on a mountain , watching a plane .
Birds fly low over water .
A large black bird is sitting in the water .
The black and white bull is looking at the camera .
A cruise ship docked at a coast .
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street .
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard .
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn .
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day .
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair .
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass .
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field .
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby .
Three sheep in middle of gravel road .
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke .
The blue train is at the station .
A baby is sitting in the grass .
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city .
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross .
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture .
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4 .
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera .
Group of horses grazing in grassy field .
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle .
A yellow bird perched on a branch .
People on motorbikes in a city street .
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car .
A boy looking at a computer screen .
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis .
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind .
A living room with a blue sofa , camp bed , wooden bench and dresser .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background .
Four blue and yellow planes in flight .
A group of river barges with trees in the background .
Old green bottle sitting on a table .
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .
A train is at a train station .
A train parked at a train station .
The birds are swimming in the water .
A white bird is steering a shopping cart .
Bird sitting on a log in a lake .
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore .
Two birds flying near bird feeders .
Horse standing in a field .
A row of beer bottles on the floor .
Two women standing outside of a bus .
A group of sheep are on a hill .
A man is standing in front of a raised statue , .
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera .
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road .
Two women standing outside of a bus .
A grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
The sheep is standing under the trees .
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant .
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky .
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera .
A man riding a white horse in an arena .
Two cows are drinking from a pond .
Three white sheep in an enclosure .
a black and white cow standing in the field .
A black dog lies on the grass .
An office with multiple desks and green walls .
Large cruise ship floating on the water .
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other .
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle .
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean 's shore .
A cat on its back looking at the camera .
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera .
A woman with her child .
A red double decker bus driving down a street .
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day .
A bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .
Three people preparing to canoe .
A girl riding a brown horse .
A car parked in front of train tracks .
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse .
Two eagles are perched on a branch .
A social gathering of people in a restaurant .
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table .
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence .
A black dog is staring at a sheep .
A girl riding a tan horse .
A woman leading a white horse .
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda .
A red and brown bird is perched on branches .
A train on the train tracks .
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen .
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk .
A grey cat lying on a wooden table .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway .
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him .
A girl riding a brown horse .
Couple sailing in a small sailboat .
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk .
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on .
Several sheep grazing in the field .
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills .
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table .
A grey cat laying on a dining table .
A wooden table is set with candles , wine , and a purple plastic bowl .
Children looking a sheep .
A black and white cat lying on a blanket .
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake .
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle .
Red double decker bus with hood up .
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick .
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake .
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog .
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man .
A mostly black train on a track .
The red bus is on the street .
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down .
a boat moving in a river .
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant .
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier .
A large boat pulling a small white boat .
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background .
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest .
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter .
The birds are swimming in the water .
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa .
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors .
A yellow school bus parked in a field .
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle .
The white sheep is standing on the green hill .
Woolly sheep at auction house .
Close up of a white sheep with a black head .
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair .
The train comes down the track , between two rows of trees .
A wooden yacht on the ocean .
A black and white horned cow standing in a field .
A double decker bus drives on a city street .
A cat looking out of a window .
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room .
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike .
Three goats are chased by a dog .
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day .
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign .
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting .
A train traveling down the tracks .
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it .
A woman in riding a brown horse .
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area .
Three men in suits sitting at a table .
A woman poses with a baby .
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks .
a train in a station .
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk .
Blue bird standing on green grass .
A red double decker bus driving down a street .
The train sits at the train station .
The woman is riding on the brown horse .
An empty office chair in a cubicle .
A woman with a white horse .
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks .
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen .
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach .
A cruise ship docked at a coast .
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway .
Two cows cross a paved street .
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways .
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room .
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway .
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field .
A double decker bus on a city street .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
Person in grassy field tending to sheep .
Close up of the rear of a red sports car .
Two women in a clothing store .
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant .
A close-up of a yellow school bus .
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub .
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse .
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field .
Two cats are looking at a window .
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van .
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake .
A grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle .
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle .
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera .
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop .
A computer operating on a desk .
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower .
A duck floating in the water .
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room .
A white bus with water and a barge in the background .
Small office space with bright green walls .
A blue train in a mountainous area .
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table .
A green car parked outside the saloon .
A yellow boat on shore .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth .
Trains inside an indoor station .
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera .
The birds are swimming in the water .
Black and white cows behind a fence .
Red and white bus driving down road .
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera .
A double decker bus on a city street .
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway .
Three cows grazing in a field .
The white train is sitting on the tracks .
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed , fur-covered dome .
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her .
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch .
A black and white cat lies in the dirt .
Front and left side of a red double decker bus .
A brown horse in a green field .
A side view of a horse 's head .
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop .
A wooden yacht on the ocean .
A large sheep standing on a hill .
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse .
A white airplane is on a runway .
A tan puppy being held and petted .
Two eagles sitting on a long branch .
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture .
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa .
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill .
A man on a bike jumping through the air .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A large pile of scrap wood .
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera .
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill .
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background .
A girl riding a brown horse .
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree .
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up .
A large black and white cow in a field .
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine .
a black and white cow standing in the field .
A red double decker bus driving down a street .
A small white cat sitting in a sink .
A boy feeding a sheep hay .
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site .
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle .
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy .
A sheep stands on a hillside .
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles .
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background .
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table .
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street .
Two women are sitting in a cafe .
A brown horse stands in tall grass .
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop .
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac .
Five birds stand on the snow .
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background .
Man playing game in a store .
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it .
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table .
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background .
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers .
A green bike parked outside a book store .
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel .
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep .
A white cat looking out of a window .
A brown horse in a green field .
A man in a tux on a white horse .
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket .
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera .
two motorbikes on a dirt track .
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background .
Close up of the headlights on a blue car .
A person walks a dog along the water 's edge .
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building .
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk .
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down .
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane .
A white cat laying on a sheet .
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket .
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus .
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket .
A black and white photo of a bicycle .
View of a living room with a dining room in the background .
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant .
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees .
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised .
A laptop and a PC at a workstation .
A woman leading a white horse .
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background .
Young couple sitting on a black couch .
A white cat laying on a sheet .
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant .
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall .
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure .
A white train pulling into a station .
A green bike parked outside a book store .
Two women standing in front of tour bus .
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him .
A blue jay standing in a grassy field .
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer .
Red double decker bus driving down a street .
A black swan flapping its wings on the water .
A grey cat lying on a wooden table .
A motorcycle parked next to a car .
A close-up of a horse .
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy .
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug .
A large airplane parked at the airport at night .
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top .
Two men catching a fish in a swamp .
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor .
Small office space with bright green walls .
A man in a tux on a white horse .
A cat looking at the camera .
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse .
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie .
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall .
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .
Young girl in riding gear on a horse .
Two women in a sailboat .
A small bird perched on an icy branch .
Two eagles sitting on a long branch .
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo .
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car .
A passenger train with a yellow engine .
Two women sheering a sheep .
A close-up of a black train engine .
A young female rider on a brown horse .
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table .
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box .
A long train is on train tracks .
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls .
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door .
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse .
A black dog standing in a room being constructed .
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room .
A black swan flapping its wings on the water .
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass .
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed .
The woman is riding on the brown horse .
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac .
A television with a show on .
Four people row a canoe in water .
A brown horse in a green field .
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets .
Old style bicycle parked on floor .
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder .
Black bird standing on concrete .
Two men talking in front of a small plane .
A grey dog standing in a grassy field .
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background .
Two cats , one ginger , the other white laying on a bed .
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink .
A train parked at a train station .
Couple with newborn baby .
Bird eating from a bird feeder .
A close-up of a sheep with a black head .
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field .
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree .
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way .
A grey , black , and white cat looking at the camera .
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks .
A train on the train tracks .
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog .
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe .
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table .
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks .
Red sports car on top of white semi truck .
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators .
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter .
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him .
A black and white dog looking at the camera .
A room with a television , stereo and bookshelf .
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun .
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area .
The cow is grazing in a field .
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence .
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette .
House with a red door .
Two women in a sailboat .
A woman leading a white horse .
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough .
A man looking at a red motorcycle .
Older woman holding newborn baby .
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it .
A flock of birds flying over a body of water .
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond .
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing .
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train .
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day .
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock .
A domestic animal stands in a pen .
a computer on the floor .
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain .
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster .
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field .
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table .
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end .
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling .
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa .
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough .
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat .
Blue bird standing on green grass .
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun .
People ride mopeds in an urban setting .
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged , standing on grass .
Tan domestic cat under black tarp .
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom .
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires .
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot .
Two cows graze in a field .
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus .
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background .
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus .
A bird is perched on a person 's gloved hand .
A group of people eat at a table outside .
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet .
A close-up of a brown horse 's head .
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window .
a train in a station .
Horse standing in a field .
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa .
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera .
The bird is sitting on the branch .
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served .
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera .
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk .
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby .
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree .
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge .
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing .
abandon the intended prey , turn , and pursue an inferior prey .
the act of designating or identifying something .
make pure or free from sin or guilt .
fail to do something ; leave something undone .
an unofficial association of people or groups .
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature .
sink to a lower level or form a depression .
create code , write a computer program .
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to .
charge falsely or with malicious intent ; attack the good name and reputation of someone .
a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation .
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center .
to distribute systematically or strategically .
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case .
to make less distinct or clear .
free from a burden , evil , or distress .
a straightaway section of a racetrack .
emit a brief burst of light .
alter the shape of ( something ) by stress .
move as a crowd or in a group .
a temporary debarment ( from a privilege or position etc ) .
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection .
clear mucus or food from one 's throat .
keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction .
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with .
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event .
support a person for a position .
try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury .
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood .
( grammar ) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent .
reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress .
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly .
part ; cease or break association with .
a cue given to a performer ( usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken ) .
draw from specific cases for more general cases .
burst open with a sharp , explosive sound .
make undue claims to having .
the head of a city government .
become quiet or still ; fall silent .
move forward by leaps and bounds .
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another .
come as a logical consequence ; follow logically .
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight .
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event .
travel along a zigzag path .
make a mess of or create disorder in .
the state of being employed or having a job .
a sculpture representing a human or animal .
be a distinctive feature , attribute , or trait ; sometimes in a very positive sense .
travel or be transported in a vehicle .
fall or descend to a lower place or level .
the ability to recall past occurrences .
utter with a spitting sound , as if in a rage .
the sound of knocking ( as on a door or in an engine or bearing ) .
ask for and get free ; be a parasite .
the general condition of body and mind .
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings .
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 .
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc ..
protect or fight for as a champion .
a relation of affinity or harmony between people ; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other .
save or relieve from an experience or action .
run around the rim of .
take ( gas , light or heat ) into a solution .
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements .
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild .
speed up the progress of ; facilitate .
provide evidence for ; stand as proof of ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes .
( computer science ) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer .
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something .
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics .
make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable by adding something else ; moderate .
confine as if in a prison .
approach with an offer of sexual favors .
correct by punishment or discipline .
cause to go into a solution .
a movement back from an impact .
the action of putting something into operation .
disentangle and raise the fibers of .
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal .
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered .
the positively charged dense center of an atom .
an event that causes someone to die .
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee .
the trait of being active ; moving or acting rapidly and energetically .
cause to be alert and energetic .
look through a book or other written material .
the last section of a communication .
go to see for professional or business reasons .
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a ( usually public ) performance .
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase .
leave or give by will after one 's death .
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern .
compel to behave in a certain way .
travel across or pass over .
give up what is not strictly needed .
become less interesting or attractive .
have a disagreement over something .
undergo ( as of injuries and illnesses ) .
process or manner of functioning or operating .
the event of something ending .
return to an original state .
the United States ( especially the northern states during the American Civil War ) .
place too much a load on .
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another .
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract .
indicate a decision in regard to .
carry a burden , either real or metaphoric .
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted .
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism ; the full DNA sequence of an organism .
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block .
( medicine ) the condition in which an organism can resist disease .
a group of sheep or goats .
( meteorology ) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter .
( tennis ) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving .
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else .
the act of taking something that is offered .
hit before it touches the ground .
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard .
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties .
walk heavily and firmly , as when weary , or through mud .
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to .
release ( gas or energy ) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition .
rerun a performance of a play , for example .
a position given by its location to the side of an object .
the state of being controlled or governed .
an automobile race run over public roads .
the amount that can be contained .
institute legal proceedings against ; file a suit against .
put into a certain place or abstract location .
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool .
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
an informal right to something .
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source .
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs .
strike ( the top part of a ball in golf , baseball , or pool ) giving it a forward spin .
the act of spending or disbursing money .
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation .
an aptitude that may be developed .
make liberal or more liberal , of laws and rules .
free from obligations or duties .
twist suddenly so as to sprain .
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension .
the activity of managing or exerting control over something .
come as if by falling .
treat , process , heat , melt , or refine in a reverberatory furnace .
economics : raise demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices , after a period of deflation .
cleanse with a cleaning agent , such as soap , and water .
request earnestly ( something from somebody ) ; ask for aid or protection .
( baseball ) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter .
break the skin ( of a body part ) by scraping .
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use .
register formally as a participant or member .
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation .
organize anew , as after a setback .
catch in or as if in a trap .
an exclusive group of people .
be incompatible ; be or come into conflict .
react to a stimulus or command .
provide ( movies ) with a soundtrack of a foreign language .
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun .
contribute to the progress or growth of .
occupy in an agreeable , entertaining or pleasant fashion .
the event that occurred at the beginning of something .
move together in a hive or as if in a hive .
rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash .
provide or equip with furniture .
make out of components ( often in an improvising manner ) .
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay ; determined by contract or by law .
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi .
room where work is done .
sever or remove by pinching or snipping .
become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure .
a single great stone ( often in the form of a column or obelisk ) .
cause to grow thin or weak .
run or move very quickly or hastily .
prove to be false or incorrect .
provide with a covering or cause to be covered .
carry , as on one 's back .
separate into constituents by soaking .
gnaw into ; make resentful or angry .
glare or strike with great intensity .
( law ) a right or legal share of something ; a financial involvement with something .
shine brightly , like a star or a light .
rotary motion of an object around its own axis .
( slang ) a person 's girlfriend or boyfriend .
to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws .
pass by , over , or under without making contact .
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached .
to turn in ( vouchers or coupons ) and receive something in exchange .
the act of perceiving the odor of something .
relative darkness or lightness of a color .
change from one form or medium into another .
become or make oneself fresh again .
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done .
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups .
overflow with a certain feeling .
scoop up by plunging one 's hand or a ladle below the surface .
the military action of resisting the enemy 's advance .
to incline or bend from a vertical position .
wet with a spurt of liquid .
to move ( the head or body ) quickly downwards or away .
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object .
join or attach with or as if with glue .
transfer from one place or period to another .
make a great effort at a mental or physical task .
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line .
use up the whole supply of .
maintain in safety from injury , harm , or danger .
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community .
throw a glance at ; take a brief look at .
an air force unit smaller than a squadron .
destroy the peace or tranquility of .
arrange or order by classes or categories .
prove capable or fit ; meet requirements .
treat with an agent ; add ( an agent ) to .
make by combining materials and parts .
cause to become ice or icy .
show to a seat ; assign a seat for .
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen .
the act of committing a crime .
support by placing against something solid or rigid .
fail to make money in a business ; make a loss or fail to profit .
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving .
partake in a feast or banquet .
any new participant in some activity .
fasten by passing through a hole or around something .
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight .
the act of counting ; reciting numbers in ascending order .
remove a constituent from a liquid .
study intensively , as before an exam .
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim .
obtain by purchase ; acquire by means of a financial transaction .
a cell for violent prisoners .
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party .
run at a moderately swift pace .
oppose , as in hostility or a competition .
creating a picture with paints .
the territory occupied by a nation .
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid .
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion .
force to go away by blinking .
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin .
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation .
drag loosely along a surface ; allow to sweep the ground .
influence or control shrewdly or deviously .
cause to be perplexed or confounded .
serve as a means of expressing something .
the act of decreasing something markedly .
thread on or as if on a string .
the act of changing one thing for another thing .
lack of agreement or harmony .
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts .
the act of looking or seeing or observing .
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true .
stain with a dirty substance , such as soot .
appoint to a clerical posts .
make a prediction about ; tell in advance .
give a definition for the meaning of a word .
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet , coat , or saturate .
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment .
pass by means through a lock in a waterway .
put into a certain state ; cause to be in a certain state .
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets .
cover with liquid before cooking .
raise to a higher energy level .
make certain of the failure or destruction of .
have certain properties when driven .
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers .
someone who takes photographs professionally .
reveal its presence or make an appearance .
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .
exhibit recognition for ( an antigen or a substrate ) .
perform ( a church sacrament ) ritually .
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of .
the motion of one object relative to another .
act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes .
the high value or worth of something .
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement .
impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result .
regard or treat with consideration , respect , and esteem .
the act of raising something .
to incline or bend from a vertical position .
prevent the progress or free movement of .
the act of coming down to the earth ( or other surface ) .
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one 's authority .
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string .
direct the course of ; manage or control .
the force by which one object attracts another .
deal with in a routine way .
cover with a protective sheathing .
reverse ( a direction , attitude , or course of action ) .
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink .
the act of providing a subsidy .
draw air into , and expel out of , the lungs .
the opening page of a web site .
tag the base runner to get him out .
close with a snapping motion .
a party of people assembled for dancing .
a conveyance that transports people or objects .
the year ( reckoned from January 1 to December 31 ) according to Gregorian calendar .
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny .
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office .
approach a certain age or speed .
fill ( a ship 's bunker ) with coal or oil .
assign to a specific task .
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue .
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite ; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association .
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner .
lock up or confine , in or as in a jail .
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth .
the system of production and distribution and consumption .
keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction .
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual .
regard something as probable or likely .
the rate of increase in size per unit time .
have a great affection or liking for .
stop for a moment , as if out of uncertainty or caution .
find out , learn , or determine with certainty , usually by making an inquiry or other effort .
something that serves to indicate or suggest .
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges ( used for maintenance ) .
obtain or retrieve from a storage device ; as of information on a computer .
reestablish on a new , usually improved , basis or make new or like new .
obtain data from magnetic tapes .
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing .
mean or intend to express or convey .
strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat .
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine .
separate or cause to separate abruptly .
cause to match , as of ideas or acts .
cause to be firmly attached .
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object .
recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something .
put or introduce into something .
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another .
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor 's degree .
subsist on a meager allowance .
obtain or provide money for .
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest .
the activity of putting something in written form .
take or capture by force .
go after with the intent to catch .
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious .
remove shells or husks from .
an aggressive willingness to compete .
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin .
give a neat appearance to .
the set of elements common to two or more sets .
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ .
the act of hiring something or someone .
make up something artificial or untrue .
billow up in the form of a cloud .
the act of testing something .
the first part or section of something .
the state of being active .
make weak by stunting the growth or development of .
the act of stopping something .
pull , or move with a sudden movement .
the last section of a communication .
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity .
the act of liberating someone or something .
the act of retaining something .
the state of being angry .
create and charge with a task or function .
the management of someone or something .
hurl as if with a sling .
register formally as a participant or member .
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity .
the act of admitting someone to enter .
the act of retaining something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the state of inactivity following an interruption .
the act of looking or seeing or observing .
the trait of being well behaved .
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation .
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up .
the act of changing one thing for another thing .
separate with or as if with an instrument .
take away the legal force of or render ineffective .
be in some specified state or condition .
lift and reset in another soil or situation .
the speech act of making something evident .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing .
a portion removed from the whole .
the act of looking or seeing or observing .
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion .
have flavor ; taste of something .
the act of applying paint to a surface .
cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense .
to incline or bend from a vertical position .
the act of passing from one state or place to the next .
take measures in preparation for .
an established line of travel or access .
behave in a certain way .
make dirty or spotty , as by exposure to air ; also used metaphorically .
the speech act of objecting .
get despite difficulties or obstacles .
act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes .
a disagreement or argument about something important .
the visual appearance of something or someone .
change the nature , purpose , or function of something .
make sense of ; assign a meaning to .
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated .
the state of being in effect or being operative .
the act of perceiving the odor of something .
arranged for contracted work to be done by others .
create and charge with a task or function .
cause to be firmly attached .
the act of describing something .
make by combining materials and parts .
where you live at a particular time .
the act of colliding with something .
the act of rejecting something .
become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts .
the trait of wasting resources .
the state of being excommunicated .
to incline or bend from a vertical position .
to bring or combine together or with something else .
terminate , end , or take out .
the act of changing one thing or position for another .
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .
bring into a different state .
the upper part of anything .
the act of clipping or snipping .
a visual representation of something .
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose .
the act of applying force to propel something .
the act of breaking something .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
the act of spending or disbursing money .
make a copy of with the intent to deceive .
the act of testing something .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
the act of catching an object with the hands .
cause to happen or be responsible for .
compel to behave in a certain way .
the state of being active .
show consideration for ; take into account .
the act of decreasing something markedly .
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger .
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate .
an appraisal of the value of something .
the act of taking of a person by force .
the state of being excommunicated .
the quality of not being useful or convenient .
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor .
the state of being connected .
the act of raising something .
narrate or give a detailed account of .
the act of constructing something .
the act of climbing something .
the act of damaging something or someone .
the act of testing something .
the removal of an opponent 's piece from the chess board .
originate or come into being .
make or become more narrow or restricted .
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position .
bind by an obligation ; cause to be indebted .
matter that has been deposited by some natural process .
a visual representation of something .
a person who is a member of a partnership .
communicate or signal with a flag .
the state of being joined or united or linked .
the act of hiring something or someone .
give a neat appearance to .
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon .
make a request or demand for something to somebody .
the act of making up your mind about something .
the state of being depleted .
stir the feelings , emotions , or peace of .
the act of providing a subsidy .
the act of rejecting something .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee .
the act of damaging something or someone .
bring , lead , or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life , conduct , and adopt a right one .
run at a moderately swift pace .
cause to make a snapping sound .
put or introduce into something .
send from one person or place to another .
search ( as the bottom of a body of water ) for something valuable or lost .
a restraint that checks the motion of something .
go one 's own way ; move apart .
the state or fact of being an owner .
the act of removing or getting rid of something .
set or ask for a certain price .
free from obligations or duties .
the speech act of making something evident .
the state of being rejected .
the space where a division or parting occurs .
attain success or reach a desired goal .
the act of damaging something or someone .
narrate or give a detailed account of .
piece ( something old ) with a new part .
be worthy of or have a certain rating .
run or move very quickly or hastily .
believe to be the case .
plan , organize , and carry out ( an event ) .
the act of losing someone or something .
the act of decreasing something markedly .
administer or bestow , as in small portions .
the act of passing something to another person .
the act of spending or disbursing money .
the act of stopping something .
move from one place to another .
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen .
the act of choosing or selecting .
the act of breaking something .
the state of being connected .
have a disagreement over something .
the act of changing one thing for another thing .
the act of applying force to propel something .
lessen in force or effect .
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract .
a relation that provides the foundation for something .
the act of damaging something or someone .
register formally as a participant or member .
the trait of wasting resources .
a prominent attribute or aspect of something .
cause to come to the ground .
expel or eject ( saliva or phlegm or sputum ) from the mouth .
the visual appearance of something or someone .
change the arrangement or position of .
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
act or move at high speed .
the bodily process of discharging waste matter .
the state of being actual or real .
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave .
make a channel for ; provide with a channel .
the act of spending or disbursing money .
combine so as to form a whole ; mix .
get the meaning of something .
a relatively long narrow piece of something .
observe or plot the moving path of something .
put in a horizontal position .
a large or extra supply of something .
organize ( the production of something ) into an industry .
an appraisal of the value of something .
the act of exploding or bursting .
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for .
tie or fasten into a knot .
the act of branching out or dividing into branches .
bring to a certain spiritual state .
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument .
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed .
how something is done or how it happens .
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody .
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief .
an energetic attempt to achieve something .
the act of rejecting something .
remove from a contest or race .
become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease .
a loud resonant repeating noise .
the act of troubling or annoying someone .
remove or force out from a position .
the act of breaking something .
the activity of protecting someone or something .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the activity of supplying or providing something .
the act of testing something .
get the meaning of something .
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw .
the act of winding or twisting .
provoke someone to do something through ( often false or exaggerated ) promises or persuasion .
the power to use something or someone .
the disclosure of something secret .
the act of starting something .
create by putting components or members together .
something that floats on the surface of water .
the act of putting something in working order again .
the state of being excluded .
the amount that can be contained .
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment .
take out or up with or as if with a scoop .
the act of projecting out from something .
become or cause to become soft or liquid .
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening .
the act of cracking something .
the act of raising something .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
cause to skip over a surface .
lumber used in the construction of something .
come into the possession of .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
have a range ; be capable of projecting over a certain distance , as of a gun .
enclose in or as if in a frame .
the act of applying paint to a surface .
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position .
the speech act of making something evident .
the act of referring or consulting .
the act of starting something .
the act of putting something somewhere .
get or extort ( money or other possessions ) from someone .
the act of starting something .
the act of breaking something .
contribute to the progress or growth of .
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to .
remove from memory or existence .
the act of raising something .
get or find back ; recover the use of .
change toward something smaller or lower .
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something .
carry out or perform an action .
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness .
cause ( a liquid ) to leach or percolate .
cause to appear in a new form .
the act of drawing or hauling something .
the act of constructing something .
draw up an outline or sketch for something .
cause to be agitated , excited , or roused .
remove from a contest or race .
narrate or give a detailed account of .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
the act of choosing or selecting .
the act of breaking something .
the activity of protecting someone or something .
make a mess of or create disorder in .
the act of catching an object with the hands .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
run at a moderately swift pace .
assign a new time and place for an event .
give someone credit for something .
the state of being unsure of something .
write all the required information onto a form .
the act of choosing or selecting .
the act of forming or establishing something .
the end or completion of something .
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing , thinking , or speaking .
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive .
have an argument about something .
have a complexion with a strong bright color , such as red or pink .
be or act in association with .
a strong current of air .
the act of giving temporary assistance .
the act of starting something .
the amount that can be contained .
put in the mind of someone .
the condition of living or the state of being alive .
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding .
administer or bestow , as in small portions .
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with .
the state of being actual or real .
the act of ending something .
an area that is approximately central within some larger region .
the rate of some repeating event .
the status or fact of being elected .
the state of being actual or real .
the state of being connected .
a formation of people or things one beside another .
the act of competing as for profit or a prize .
the act of stopping something .
the state of being excluded .
wipe with a sponge , so as to clean or moisten .
the act of hitting vigorously .
a body of students who are taught together .
contribute to the progress or growth of .
something serving as a cover or protection .
the act of making or enacting laws .
the act of climbing something .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
move with a thrashing motion .
the act of coming to land after a voyage .
the act of perceiving the odor of something .
behave in a certain manner .
the disadvantage that results from losing something .
make ready for action or use .
cause to be interested or curious .
a unit of military aircraft .
the act of breaking something .
a concentrated example of something .
the act of designating or identifying something .
the act of ending something .
the date on which an obligation must be repaid .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
the act of removing or getting rid of something .
the state of being suspected .
the rate of moving ( especially walking or running ) .
the act of making up your mind about something .
the act of raising something .
be in direct physical contact with ; make contact .
the act of adding one thing to another .
the greatest possible degree of something .
cover with or as if with a cloak .
the act of starting something .
something copied or derived from an original .
the general outward appearance of something .
the act of raising something .
to cause to separate and go in different directions .
the path followed by an object moving through space .
a relation that provides the foundation for something .
the act of contacting one thing with another .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
the state of being excluded .
the act of flipping a coin .
behave in a certain way .
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading .
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged .
carry , as on one 's back .
the visual appearance of something or someone .
contribute to the progress or growth of .
a consequence of someone 's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances .
concentrate on a particular place or spot .
move back and forth or sideways .
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity .
the act of climbing something .
the event of something burning ( often destructive ) .
the act of retaining something .
supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .
searching for or buying goods or services .
become or cause to become obstructed .
the speech act of making something evident .
show the form or outline of .
move through with or as if with a rake .
the act of explaining ; making something plain or intelligible .
the act of forming or establishing something .
talk in a tearful manner .
the last or lowest in an ordering or series .
the act of choosing or selecting .
gather , as of natural products .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
make a mark or lines on a surface .
the act of adding one thing to another .
make a mark or lines on a surface .
the act of hiring something or someone .
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something .
make ready for action or use .
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something .
the act of adding one thing to another .
vary or move from a fixed point or course .
the amount by which something decreases .
move by turning over or rotating .
the act of decreasing or reducing something .
put into a certain place or abstract location .
maintain with or as if with a bet .
the act of raising something .
the last section of a communication .
the reduction of something 's value or worth .
prefer or wish to do something .
the act of liberating someone or something .
supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams .
( theology ) God 's act of bringing the universe into existence .
the act of damaging something or someone .
the act of damaging something or someone .
put up with something or somebody unpleasant .
Op-Ed Columnist : Revolution Hits the Universities
In Hollywood Movies for China , Bureaucrats Want a Say
Bloomberg : Assault weapons ban is tough sell
Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency
What 's in Feinstein 's bill ?
Opinionator : Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade
Smog cloud blankets Beijing
'American Taliban ' wins right to group prayer
Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Prospero Gallinari , a Terrorist , Is Dead at 62
The 46 Places to Go in 2013
With California Rebounding , Governor Pushes Big Projects
Global Update : A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil
U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos
Obama , Gun Policy and the N.R.A .
NRA draws heat for shooting game
Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali
Piers , guest clash over AR-15s
World Briefing | Europe : Norway : Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel
Opinion : At Poly Prep , a Pedophile in Plain Sight
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Why we can 't get enough Gosling ( Duh ! )
U.S. ' tough love ' for Afghan troops
Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London , 1952 , through Beijing , 2013
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
NATO : Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
What 's wrong with the Dreamliner ?
Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries
A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish
Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward
Mickelson has a point on taxes
Pictures of the Day : Pakistan and Elsewhere
6 ways Vine 's six seconds may change Twitter
? Selected Letters of William Styron ?
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Bloomberg gives $ 1.1B to university
U.S. supported France 's failed hostage rescue in Somalia
Op-Ed Columnist : Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville ?
Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests , Documents Show
Djokovic : 3 Aussie wins in a row
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station
U.S. supported France 's failed hostage rescue in Somalia
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26
Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity
Op-Ed Columnist : Revolution Hits the Universities
Op-Ed Contributor : Why We Must Help Save Mali
Talk : Ray Kurzweil Says We ? re Going to Live Forever
Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal
Apple ? s Profits Are Flat , and Stock Drops
Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
This Life : Modifying a Child ? s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life
Media Decoder Blog : New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups
Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal
Schumer Says He ? s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
Opinionator : Back When I Was Packing
? Bodega Clinicas ? Draw Interest of Health Officials
Rome 's Colosseum gives up secrets
Samsung profit soars to $ 6.6B record
Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program
Economix Blog : Bruce Bartlett : Accounting for a $ 1 Trillion Platinum Coin
Urban Athlete : A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor
Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot
Saudis defend maid 's beheading
Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe
IHT Rendezvous : The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy
Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
In the Subways , Geechee Dan ? s Voice Stirs the Soul
CES : Young people are ' born mobile'
The New Old Age Blog : What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace
Climate change activists to Obama : Steer clear of Congress
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Our Generation : ? Set for Life ? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers
Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner
Editorial : What We Don ? t Know Is Killing Us
India Ink : Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab , India , Police Say
Photos : Kim Jong Un and his military
Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape
Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
'Humanitarian emergency ' in Syria
President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it
Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory
Riff : Once Upon a Time , There Was a Person Who Said , ? Once Upon a Time ?
Review : Facebook 's Graph Search is not very useful
Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas
By numbers : Women in U.S. military
Exotic culinary tours around the world
Britney Spears , Jason Trawick call off engagement
Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station
Man charged with murder in doctor 's death , source says
Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military , activists say
Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers ? Lives
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
2013 Oscar nods : Who got snubbed ?
Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran
In Thailand , a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty
The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong ?
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax
Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
At $ 1.1 Billion , Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S .
Sheriff won 't enforce ' unconstitutional ' gun laws
U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos
Morsi ? s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern
How America 's top general came to endorse women in combat
The front lines in fight for women
Study Shows College Degree ? s Value During Economic Downturn
Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies
Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms
Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss
Opinion : At Poly Prep , a Pedophile in Plain Sight
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
From Reagan to Obama , how we have changed as a nation
Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up
French rally : No to same-sex marriage
Cuomo Raises Nearly $ 22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign
Next Made-in-China Boom : College Graduates
Livestrong has life after Lance
Your top 10 flu questions answered
Maker Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant
'Is there a worse way to live than this ? '
Editorial : President Obama ? s Plan for Gun Reform
National Briefing | Southwest : Arizona : Governor Relents on Medicaid
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali
9 calorie bombs at restaurants
Facebook 's mobile app takes top spot
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs
Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon 's Cloud Music
NRA draws heat for shooting game
Our Generation : ? Set for Life ? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers
787 Dreamliner fix : ' It 's not easy'
Editorial : What We Don ? t Know Is Killing Us
President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it
Poetry , Puppets and Playgrounds
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
Conrad Bain , Actor on ? Diff ? rent Strokes , ? Dies at 89
Saudis defend maid 's beheading
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches
Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history
North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight
Burt Reynolds ' feeling better ' but still in ICU , rep says
'American Taliban ' wins right to group prayer
Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them
What to do when doctors don 't listen
Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs
Restaurant Review : Arlington Club on the Upper East Side
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs
Findings : Positive Procrastination , Not an Oxymoron
Why France is not pacifist nation
Image of Manti Te ? o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl
Washington ? s Economic Boom , Financed by You
Opinion : Hypochondria : An Inside Look
Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $ 750 Million
States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Obama , Karzai to speed military transition
Vincent Sombrotto , Who Led Postal Strike , Dies at 89
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
News Analysis : America ? s Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate
Editorial : What We Don ? t Know Is Killing Us
In the Subways , Geechee Dan ? s Voice Stirs the Soul
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves
Ada Bryant , Robert Haire ? Weddings
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors ? Performance Pay to Quality Measures
Is ' Wild West ' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End ?
Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi
The Carpetbagger : ' Fruitvale , ' Drama With Little Advance Buzz , Wins at Sundance
Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline
Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
Sharapova takes on Australian boys
Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds
Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions
DealBook : Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout
Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh ? s Gamble With Resounding Performance
The Caucus : Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate
The ? Karlie ? Is Turning Heads
For the U.N. and North Korea : Game On
New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas
German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter
U.N. : Stop the suffering in Syria
Op-Ed Columnist : Lessons From Guns and a Goose
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation
Water brings new lows on Great Lakes
Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party
Tool Kit : Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers
Global Update : A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves
Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail
Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
GOP balks at gun control proposals
Interior 's Ken Salazar stepping down
Nike unveils Rory : Tiger 's heir apparent
Should babies just ' cry it out ' ?
T Magazine : Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift
NFL : Can Falcons turn it around ?
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
? The World Until Yesterday , ? by Jared Diamond
In his own words : Manti Te 'o on girlfriend 's death
Maker Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant
Op-Ed Columnist : Colorado ? s Marijuana Muddle
Slap Shot : N.H.L. ? s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking
Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama
America , Saudi Arabia of tomorrow
9 calorie bombs at restaurants
The importance of a ' stop day'
Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too .
Recalling Pain of Guns ? Toll , Mayors Urge Bills ? Passage
Books of The Times : ? The River Swimmer , ? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison
Grandparents : the new techies ?
Kerry confirmation hearing
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos
Op-Docs : ? The Long Wait ?
Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu , rep says
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
Theater Review : ? Picnic ? at American Airlines Theater
Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
Miss Montana on her autism
30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal
Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too .
Editorial : President Obama ? s Plan for Gun Reform
In Court , N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg ? s Soda Ban
Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again
Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push
Sheriff won 't enforce ' unconstitutional ' gun laws
Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season
Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists
Chim : A Vivid Retrospective of Europe
An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff ? s Immigration Posse : School Patrols
Rome 's Colosseum gives up secrets
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ' certain ' where Hoffa is buried
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
" Buried Memories " of Katie Beers
Coolest green buildings in the Gulf
N.R.A. Attacks Obama in Video
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes
Public lashes out at Armstrong
ArtsBeat : Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion ( Whether He Wants It or Not )
Miami ? s Design District Looks for an Upgrade
Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali
Journalists , learn from blogger Sullivan
The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S .
Rise of Russians in Israel
Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
At Remote Outposts , Border Agents Sift for Clues
IHT Rendezvous : Green Fashion on the Red Carpet
Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test
Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate
Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S .
? South Park ? Creators to Start Company , Important Studios
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction
An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change
Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World
Ada Bryant , Robert Haire ? Weddings
Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
WORLD : Green Questions About Greek Growth
Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause
Dot Earth Blog : Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming
Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too .
Op-Ed Contributor : Diderot , an American Exemplar ? Bien S ? r
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Well : Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking
Op-Ed Contributor : Racial Politics and Miss America
Britain risks new recession
'Million Man March ' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital
America , Saudi Arabia of tomorrow
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts
9 calorie bombs at restaurants
Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients
Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil
Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers
Op-Ed Contributor : Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
The Learning Network Blog : Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad ?
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
? The World Until Yesterday , ? by Jared Diamond
Social media make us more honest
World 's best place for water rafting ?
Casey Anthony convictions thrown out
Opinionator | The Great Divide : The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy
Online courses need human element to educate
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Opinionator : Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade
America 's gun problem is not a race problem
Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts
New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors ? Performance Pay to Quality Measures
The 6th Floor Blog : Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz 's Experiment with Images
In the Subways , Geechee Dan ? s Voice Stirs the Soul
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough
Your Money : A Shocking Death , a Financial Lesson and Help for Others
Critic ? s Notebook : ? Real Husbands of Hollywood ? and Lack of Black Male Leads
President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it
Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior
Social media make us more honest
Opinionator | The Stone : What is a ' Hacktivist ' ?
Public lashes out at Armstrong
After threats against U.S. , North Korea turns ire to South
Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms
Win for Anthony and for Knicks
Video shows fiery copter wreckage
Cond ? Nast Contracts Cut Author ? s Share in Film Deals
Photos : Fires across Australia
Note on napkin : ' This meal is on us'
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency
Bits Blog : A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes
Well : Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis
DealBook : Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky
Should babies just ' cry it out ' ?
The Cautious Calls of John Fox
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling
At War Blog : Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
ASAP Yams , Partner to Hip-Hop ? s ASAP Rocky
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Architect to build home using 3-D printer
ArtsBeat : Q. and A. : Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection ' The Miniature Wife'
The Learning Network Blog : Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School ?
More lives being saved : Cancer death rates drop 20 %
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26
Weekend Miser : ? Making Room , ? at Museum of the City of New York
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies , 80 ; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames
'Universal background check ' : What does it mean ?
News Analysis : America ? s Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate
Beheading : Inhuman and illegal ?
Op-Ed Contributor : How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
Editorial : What We Don ? t Know Is Killing Us
Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context
For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation
Op-Ed Columnist : She ? s ( Rarely ) the Boss
Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends
Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes
Schumer Says He ? s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast
N.Y. / Region : Geechie Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway
Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
A Saint in His City : Archie Manning in New Orleans
Staying Alive : Why I 'm Looking for a New Bank
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S .
9 calorie bombs at restaurants
Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
Linda Riss Pugach , 1937-2013 : Linda Riss Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75
Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki : Hand over soldiers behind shootings or ' face losses'
Opinionator : India Is Losing the Race
Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
'Bounty hunter ' battles FIFA on Facebook
The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Boy given pot to manage his autism
Arts | Long Island : ? Attack of the Bloodsuckers ! ? at the Long Island Children ? s Museum
Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again
Why world grieves Aaron Swartz
Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park
Lives : We Were Joy Division
Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers ? Lives
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Op-Ed Contributor : Why We Must Help Save Mali
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
Police : YouTube leads to pot bust
Venezuela : Chavez is improving
Recipes for Health : Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health
Exotic culinary tours around the world
Cycling : Armstrong apologizes to staff
Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench
U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos
Africa 's top 5 stories this week
Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax
Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause
How all-American hero fell to earth
Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule
Opinionator : India Is Losing the Race
Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies , 80 ; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames
? Propaganda ? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence
Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ' certain ' where Hoffa is buried
Op-Ed Contributor : How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea
Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person
For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s
Britney Spears , Jason Trawick call off engagement
Parenting.com 's top baby names
Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
ABC to look at ' Star Wars ' live-action series
Online courses need human element to educate
'Enough is enough , ' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban
Opinionator | The Great Divide : The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy
Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm
Media Decoder Blog : Robin Roberts Plans February Return to ' GMA'
Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town ?
'Fireflies ' to scope out space rocks for mining
Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack
Paul Theroux ? s Travel Wish List
Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike , With Thermals and Fleece
Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell ' out of control ' clashes
The importance of a ' stop day'
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire
The Lede Blog : Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te 'o
App Smart : Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart
Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Motherlode Blog : An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss , Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet , and Wrote a Book About It .
Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling
The Doomsday Preppers of New York
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Sheriff won 't enforce ' unconstitutional ' gun laws
Forms at the doctor 's just got fun
Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
Strategies : Apple Stock Isn ? t a Bellwether , Even if It ? s Big
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches
Activist gets 10 years for king insult
Sheriff won 't enforce ' unconstitutional ' gun laws
Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data
ArtsBeat : ' Mad Men ' Set to Return on April 7
Greek FM : Small chance of euro exit
The front lines in fight for women
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Country with freest economy is ...
'4-hour ' work guru on outsourcer
The Choice Blog : Part 4 : Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa
Op-Ed Columnist : Military Women and the Front Lines
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope
Q. and A. : With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline
Op-Ed Contributor : I Played Osama bin Laden in ? Zero Dark Thirty ?
Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie
Saudis defend maid 's beheading
Winfrey ? s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through
Op-Ed Contributor : How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds
Making It Last : Conservative Meets Liberal , and 40-Year Marriage Begins
French Say Airstrikes in Mali ? Blocked ? Rebel Advance
The new ' Bradys ' of gun control ?
NRA 's video game hypocrisy
America 's gun problem is not a race problem
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
Pacino to Play Paterno in Film
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Opinion : Darwin Was Wrong About Dating
You 're the Boss Blog : More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees
Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines
Editorial : What We Don ? t Know Is Killing Us
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
Note on napkin : ' This meal is on us'
Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village
In the Garden : Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap
Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws
Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
A 20-Something ? s Web Site for Women Over 40
Eddie Huang Defies Description
A more equal military ? Bring back draft
France vows to halt Mali jihadists
The Choice Blog : Lessons From a College Student : Finding Your Fit on Campus
N. Korea makes new threats against U.S .
Morsi ? s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern
Vine is Twitter 's attempt to become the ' Instagram of video'
Sanford , Ex-Governor of South Carolina , to Run for Congress
The 46 Places to Go in 2013
Parenting.com 's top baby names
Gun Found in 7-Year-Old ? s Backpack at Queens School
Conrad Bain , Actor on ? Diff ? rent Strokes , ? Dies at 89
Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
Editorial : President Obama ? s Plan for Gun Reform
Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda ? s Role
High & Low Finance : Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy
Williams Starts Strong , but Nets Don ? t Follow in Loss to Rockets
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ' Star Wars ' Movie
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
In Britain , Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking
Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia
News Analysis : Military Tribunals and International War Crimes
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Hong Kong takes Internet speed title
Victim 's son : It was a hate crime
Doctor and Patient : When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring
Sheen wants to return to ' Two and a Half Men'
Challenges of being woman in India
Richard G. Stern , a Writers ? Writer , Is Dead at 84
Opinion : TV , The Thinking Person ? s Entertainment of Choice
IHT Rendezvous : 2012 : The Year of Extreme Weather
Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign
A Doll 's Magic , Free to Renew
A New Housing Boom ? Don ? t Count on It
Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly
Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection
New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations
A New Housing Boom ? Don ? t Count on It
Working behind China 's ' Great Firewall'
The Lede Blog : Live Updates on Armstrong 's Oprah Interview
Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus
Booze saves puppy 's life
U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears
T Magazine : Street Style from the Couture in Paris
Give Lance another chance ?
Today 's photo : Thai temple
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
The Carpetbagger : Doing Good ( and Burnishing Images , Too )
Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank
Well Pets : Holly the Cat 's Incredible Journey
Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth
Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition
Disruptions : U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem
Acid attack on Russia ballet director
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines
Hanging On : In Debt , and Digging Deeper to Find Relief
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice
Allergy bullying : When food is a weapon
World awaits Oprah 's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything ?
America flunks its health exam
A Doll 's Magic , Free to Renew
Senate key to fixing Washington
Cuba limits travel for athletes , workers
What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending ?
Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula
Reform is a long shot in current Congress
5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings
Why France is not pacifist nation
FiveThirtyEight : Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats
Critic ? s Notebook : ? Real Husbands of Hollywood ? and Lack of Black Male Leads
Fear , confusion in Algerian hostage crisis
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali
Slap Shot : N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal ; Approval Expected by Saturday
How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers
A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon ? s Partisan Book Reviews
6 trends from CES 2013
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Common Sense : Selection of the Boeing 787 ? s Battery Maker Raises Questions
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context
App Smart : Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart
Was Obama 's historic speech divisive ?
Gruesome toll of cluster bombs
How Facebook 's Graph Search could disrupt online dating
U.S. steps up involvement in Mali
Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too .
Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal
Op-Ed Columnist : She ? s ( Rarely ) the Boss
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing
America 's gun problem is not a race problem
Police , protesters clash in Pakistan
Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial
What ? s in Obama ? s Gun Control Proposal
Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person
Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals
Op-Ed Columnist : The Point of Lance Armstrong
Djokovic : 3 Aussie wins in a row
Pakistan ? s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation
The Neediest Cases : After Foster Care , Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters
GOP balks at gun control proposals
The TV Watch : Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes
Op-Ed Contributor : I Played Osama bin Laden in ? Zero Dark Thirty ?
Piers , guest clash over AR-15s
For Rape Victims in India , Police Are Often Part of the Problem
Movie Review : ? Gangster Squad ? With Sean Penn , Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone
Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic
How to get 10 million followers on Twitter
Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy
IHT Rendezvous : Mali Need Not Be France 's Afghanistan
Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings
China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis
Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero
D. Brainerd Holmes , Top NASA Official , Dies at 91
House Approves $ 50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims
On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending
Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat
Image of Manti Te ? o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl
John Sheardown , Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran , Dies at 88
'Vampire Diaries ' spinoff pilot coming to The CW
The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin
Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell ' out of control ' clashes
Lance 's classic quotes
Gas prices tick up slightly
Straight Sets : Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl
Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence
Facebook introduces ' Graph Search'
The Carpetbagger : Parsing What Jodie Foster Did ( and Didn 't Say )
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26
New York Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals
Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds
Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals
Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
The importance of a ' stop day'
Study : More to Meal Delivery Than Food
Opinion : Our Talking , Walking Objects
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials
'Million Man March ' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital
? South Park ? Creators to Start Company , Important Studios
Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged
French court : Twitter must identify racist users
Ask Well : Do I Need a Flu Shot if I 've Had the Flu ?
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Clinton : We can make a difference
Opinionator | Schooling : The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet
Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward
Why we can 't get enough Gosling ( Duh ! )
Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation
Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest
Media Decoder Blog : Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Strategies : In Investing , at Least , It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency
Op-Ed Columnist : For Obama ? s Second Term , Start Here
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs
Helicopter crashes in London rush hour
New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike
Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push
Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ' Star Wars ' Movie
Teacher talks armed student into giving up , police say
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways
The Pour : In Describing Wines , 5 Words Not to Fear
In Quebec , a Winter Celebration on Skis
Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person
North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea
In Court , N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg ? s Soda Ban
New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting
Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again , With No Relief in Sight
Apple ? s Profits Are Flat , and Stock Drops
Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool
Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause
ArtsBeat : Second Stage Theater Adds ' Nobody Loves You'
Linda Riss Pugach , 1937-2013 : Linda Riss Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75
In Hollywood Movies for China , Bureaucrats Want a Say
Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce
Times Communications Executive Is Leaving
Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire
Property Values : Real Estate for $ 1.6 Million
Either With Him or Against Him
India ? s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women ? s Perils
9 calorie bombs at restaurants
U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote
Common Sense : Selection of the Boeing 787 ? s Battery Maker Raises Questions
Op-Ed Columnist : Military Women and the Front Lines
Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court
Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting
Pentagon ends ban on women in combat
U.S. , other nations ground Dreamliners
Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too .
Neighborhood Joint | West Village : 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village
ArtsBeat : James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead
Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades
Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters
Are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ?
Pentagon to open combat jobs to women
Nigeria waits for ' African Spring'
Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland
Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency
For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation
Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward
Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94
France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger
2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty
U.N. Security Council slams North Korea , expands sanctions
Personal Best : Training Insights From Star Athletes
Op-Ed Columnist : She ? s ( Rarely ) the Boss
Are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ?
Prince Harry most eligible bachelor
DealBook : British Retailer HMV Enters Equivalent of Bankruptcy
Readers sue Armstrong for book refund
British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali
? Selected Letters of William Styron ?
If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it .
You should read the copyright transfer contract that you have signed .
One of the consequences of not reporting failures is publication bias .
I have never heard of an academic journal specifically meant for high school students .
At the universities I 've worked in North America , human-subject studies ( esp .
There are probably several answers depending on the situation and on the standards in your field .
At this point I am a broken record : this is one of the situations I found myself in .
Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe , too .
Reviewing grant proposals as a student is tricky , at least in some fields .
If the award is sufficiently prestigious then you should list it , otherwise you should not .
Aside from having common exams , one possibility is to withhold the names of the instructors until the registration is finished .
I would not explicitly acknowledge people who have helped you access papers that you don 't have access to .
As grauwulf comments , your job is to focus on the content .
Like so many other matters , your location plays a role in what is considered accepted or not .
I highly recommend Wunderkit ( recently released ) and Wunderlist for organizing to-do list , and taking notes .
Journals oftentimes make their procedures regarding varying types of corrections available on their website ( e.g. , Nature ) .
One recent conference I 've heard that supports such an application is Ubicomp 2012 .
Let 's ask another question : is there at least one good reason not to go at the seminars ?
Another thing is ( in conjunction with the number of publications ) the number of coauthors , i.e .
One difficulty is that it 's far from clear what the ideal dropout rate should be .
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach .
Figshare is a rather new service ( compared to ArXiv ) that is just starting to gain momentum .
If you don 't mind hosting your files online , SlideShare is a good solution .
Some people publish their theses as part of a monograph series .
Why not just bring up the idea of staying in your current lab with your advisor ?
I believe you should never include " Submitted to Journal of Blah " ; it conveys no information and it 's tacky .
I don 't entirely disagree with the two previous answers : taking the offer you have now may be a fine choice .
You 're going to find answers all over the map for this one ( i.e. , there probably aren 't " standards " ) .
My advice : don 't read everything otherwise you will never finish !
An even easier solution that doesn 't require anything except the ability to upload a BibTeX file is Exhibit .
Mathematica is actually good for making all sorts of graphics .
binary / plain text Other things to consider ( for the future ) is the movement towards standard meta-data items contained with the research articles ( e.g .
Funding for non-research positions comes from either direct or indirect sources .
The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed .
And , as a small point , if one 's work is confidential for the reason that it is so extremely useful / important / wonderful ( ! ? !
You need to strategize with your advisor , or a trusted mentor , about this .
You can definitely apply in a different field than your undergraduate .
You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http : / / arxiv.culturomics.org , which however searches in articles on the arXiv .
On the one hand , it shows that you are engaged in this necessary part of scientific research that is peer-review .
There are certain things I look for when reviewing papers that are " show stoppers " , i.e .
I applied to six graduate schools in my field , and was accepted at all of them .
In my school , redo exams have a maximum grade of the minimum grade to pass .
The first thing I would do is improve / repair your personal relationship with your adviser .
German copyright is very different from UK or US copyright .
For completeness , Apple 's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts .
Like a lot of things in academia , I think this will heavily depend on what discipline you 're in .
The best practice is to include standard bibliographic information , a relatively stable hypertext link for current readers ( e.g .
If you are writing proposals for NSF consider volunteering as a reviewer in your discipline .
Depending on which country you are talking about , there may be league tables for the universities in that country .
You can always ask , then it is the choice of the author to accept or not .
Most of the courses that I 've seen explicitly state that you obtain no credit for doing the course .
The peer review process generally differs between predatory and non predatory journals .
Adding to Gopi 's comment , here 's a snapshot of Academic map at work .
Actually , I think the frame of this question isn 't quite right .
If you have access to it , you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters ’ Web of Science portal .
You didn 't mention if you want to do an MS in the UK or the US .
First of all : note that there is a difference between an academic CV and a resume .
From your description , it sounds like the problem is more likely to have been the MSc supervior than the student .
Whatever you are going to do after PhD is your business .
I would not accelerate things , to avoid getting worse grades that you want .
The preeminent author on this topic is Edward Tufte , who wrote " The Visual Display of Quantitative Information " .
Many PhD programs in computer science ( like my own ) don 't require GREs ; read the application instructions carefully .
You could defer admission , but it 's a little unusual to defer for a year .
I think this page has what you are looking for .
The answer can best be understood in terms of the intended goal of the researcher making the switch .
Like @ Suresh says , in the US , I would expect that the advisor-advisee relationship would be separate from enrollment in the department .
In addition to Suresh 's answer , I 'd say that a postdoc is no longer a student .
There are two parts to this question : citation and copyright issues .
There are tough ( read respectable ) and relatively easy ( read weaker ) schools and PhD programs in both sides .
Everywhere I 've attended and worked in Britain , I 've called teachers by their first name and been called my first name .
Personally I hate signatures , I see it as trying to make a superficial impression based on a title .
There aren ’ t many ways for your to evaluate how your reviews stand against others , but there is at least one .
A gift to show your gratitude will always be appreciated .
Yes , the acknowledgements section of your paper is an appropriate place to thank anyone who provided valuable assistance .
There is no accepted numerical measure for an individual 's academic productivity .
There seems to be no service or tool that let 's you download articles in bulk .
Yes , I do indeed have some direct experience with them .
Well , as you said , there is no rule that explicitly says that the information mentioned in a “ invitation to review ” is confidential .
Have you tried asking your supervisor to deposit the papers ?
I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination .
Second , I try to process 10 or so exams before actually marking any of them .
I think a script is actually more harmful than good .
I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way .
Email the work to someone ( or yourself ) well before you hand it over .
In my experience , the author syntax changes if you 're using DOI or PMID .
I agree that reference formatting for a thesis tends to follow university and discipline specific guidelines .
I always view " we " as " you and the reader " and you and your reader journey through the subject together .
You should definitely consider publishing the algorithm , but not before you could say something more than merely a pseudocode .
I 've known of a few cases of people prolonging their Ph.Ds to improve their CVs .
I think for an appropriate answer I 'd need to know exactly what the ' bad ' ideology is .
My personal preference is not to offer a compliment in this setting .
For questions 1 and 2 : it depends : you have to find out from your individual advisor / department / university .
You will definitely need to check regulations regarding the wearing of costumes that conceal one 's appearance .
I am a PhD student in Computational Science , which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics , computer science , and engineerning .
I am sure a psychologist could provide an indepth analysis to a large part of this question .
Does doing a postdoc mean a commitment to an academic career ?
It can be very difficult to get government financing depending on where you reside .
In mathematics , we already have a database of this sort - two them , in fact , with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH .
As others have said , not every ( old ) article has a DOI or a URL .
My armchair researching dug up a lot of articles about this .
It 's complicated , and it depends on what you mean by " black hole " .
The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense .
Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from .
As a matter of fact , yes , it is only a coincidence .
In a few billion years , the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide .
Stellar mass black holes and supermassive black holes likely form from very different mechanisms .
The metals that are forming in the sun come from nuclear fusion .
It is highly unlikely that we 're made out of stuff from only one star .
The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other .
If you 're big enough and fluid enough , like an atmosphere , you would feel acceleration do to the Earth 's motion .
The so called expansion of the universe is not as trivial as most people think .
Stars are rotating , but that 's not the cause for their stability .
To answer your question : The speed of light is relative to the metric of the space itself .
The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked , at around 10.5 ( visual ) .
I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares .
Light may account for a small portion of dark matter , but it is unlikely to account for most / all of it .
The moon didn 't abruptly change position , it is gradually and continually changing position .
There is no ' still ' that is not relative to some other object .
When you gaze at the moon " live " , you are not seeing a still image .
Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems .
No , amateur astronomy equipment is not capable of doing such an analysis .
Any body with an irregular mass distribution will experience those wobblings .
Normally when two galaxies collide , it is the gas that interacts with each other .
If something crashed into it rearranging its content a bit , could its life be extended ?
Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe .
So far , we don 't have anywhere near enough detail to identify weather on planets in other star systems .
According to Newton , any binary system revolves around the center of mass .
To add to TidalWave 's answer , here 's another way to think about it .
For a star to become a nova , it needs to have a mass at least 8 times greater than our sun .
The main flaw with your definition of a " generalised planet " would be the boundary between stars and planets .
In addition to @ MBR 's answer ; there are other ( less confusing ) ways to represent the data .
A black hole has an event horizon which ' marks the point of no return ' .
Any body with an irregular mass distribution will experience those wobblings .
No energy is in transit as GRBs , just like Gamma rays that started in a GRB .
I can 't give you an explicit ant mathematical explanation but maybe this simulations give you a hint .
In addition to @ MBR 's answer ; there are other ( less confusing ) ways to represent the data .
The easiest way to think of it is terms of the cube square law coming into play .
There are currently three classifications of black hole and these are stellar , super massive and miniature .
I don 't think there are any in the Solar system .
Consider a binary system with a neutron star and a companion star .
No , Pluto is a so called resonant trans-neptunian object ; the orbital period of Pluto is almost exactly 3 : 2 ( 1.5 ) times that of Neptune .
You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation .
To any observer between ' A ' and ' B ' where the light wave passes , it passes with the speed of light .
Yes , everything that is in this universe has to say Good bye to its existence .
Regarding the fact of using the scope indoors : it 's understandable , but silly .
Particle like , molecule or atoms or any smallest particle behaves differently in different environment .
Yes , unless you want to get really particular with the " protoplanetary " part .
Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website .
Yes , there is are two python modules called astropy , and astropysics that both claim to have spectral analysis tools .
There are a couple of important distinctions between the two types of objects .
In the protostar stage of the Sun , it was surrounded by a ( spinning ) gas cloud .
When you sit in a car , and you suddenly brake , you feel the change in velocity .
Yes , it 's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin .
Right Ascension is a celestial coordinate , not a terrestrial one .
The surface of the 4-dimensional ball ( called 3-sphere ) is a slice through the universe as a whole for a fixed cosmic time .
I think the question is referring to situating a very large mirror in space facing earth .
In these quantum theories , forces are mediated by particles called gauge bosons .
If the closing velocity is very low , the energy can be dissipated by the comets squishing .
Ummm this question made me think about a lecture from my teacher .
The aluminum oxide layer forms as soon as oxygen comes in contact with the mirror surface .
You might be interested in these two answers : How dense are nebulae ?
You are making the mistake of thinking that there was a single spot in space that everything expanded from .
The tail particles from a comet are ejected , so they have a distinct velocity than that of the comet .
One star passes in front of another from our perspective .
Disclaimer : Most of what is written here is based highly on theory and speculation .
The redness of the moon is due to Earth 's atmosphere refraction of Sun rays and pollution - dust particles etc .
Depends on how the angular momentum ( that manifests itself as Earth 's rotation ) would be absorbed .
The correct answer is 8 ( Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , Neptune ) .
It would require a very precise trajectory for an asteroid to end up in geostationary orbit .
It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy .
It does not act as a solid lens , because it does not have a limit surface .
When an object is in orbit , there are two factors at play , not just one .
As Yashbhatt said , we can detect light : with our eyes ( visible light only ) and with special machines .
I think you mean to ask , " What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich ? " .
No , it is not since Jupiter is not a star .
In order to know when a star will be above horizon , you 'll need an equation with times , not " celestial latitudes " .
Emission and Absorption lines are due to Kirchhoff 's Laws that explain what happens when light passes through a gas .
There are a couple of different horizons you should care about .
The star reaches a critical mass and ignites , blowing away the surrounding material .
Rotation : One of the easiest way to show that galaxies rotates are Doppler observations of atomic or molecular lines .
Actually this is one of the possible ways we have in order to make Mars friendlier to humans .
In the image you are now refering to the only significant brightness difference is between the mare and the " highlands " .
I would say on the gas giants : Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune .
Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky .
We DO have 2 summers and two winters - and 2 springs and autumns too .
There is one rule that is generally true for all deep sky objects ( nebulae , stars , galaxies , ... ) : Aperture matters !
Dates are set by progress through the currently used calendar .
The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects : asteroids and comets .
Density waves cause the build up of galactic material in to spiral arms .
Kepler did know the orbital period of the Earth , Mars , Venus , Mercury , Jupiter , and Saturn .
The caption for the graph in the article linked says " Raw Data " .
You seriously cannot expect the sun to have a layer that would contain some of its harmful radiation .
Azimuth is conventionally calculated as a degree value between 0 ( inclusive ) and 360 ( exclusive ) .
You could confirm with taking an image of the star trails .
As the definition says , a typeIII civilization does change the energy of the galaxy .
Light may account for a small portion of dark matter , but it is unlikely to account for most / all of it .
The earth similarity index ( ESI ) is a weighted geometric mean of four similarities .
As far as we know there is nothing that can stop a black hole .
If they exist , they are out of anything we can ever reach .
For the purposes of comparison , here 's flat , Minkowski spacetime in spherical coordinates : $ $ \ mathrm { d } s ^ 2 = - \ mathrm { d } t ^ 2 + \ underbrace { \ mathrm { d } r ^ 2 + r ^ 2 ( \ mathrm { d } \ theta ^ 2 + \ sin ^ 2 \ theta \ , \ mathrm { d } \ phi ^ 2 ) } _ \ text { Euclidean 3-space } \ text { .
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity .
Sort of , think of what it 's like when you 're asleep , not dreaming .
Wikipedia on time perception The Wikipedia article on " time perception " .
Just for reference , I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself .
Here 's another approach : Typically , we are curious about things that are deemed " off limits , " i.e .
I 'm not a cognitive science expert , but I happen to have some experience in change management / trying to convince people .
On the surface , it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn 't both exist in the same person .
Technically speaking , an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain , both involve neurotransmitters .
According to current models of human concept learning , the answer to your question is both .
I 'm afraid I have to disagree with Mozibur Ullah 's answer .
I 'd suggest checking out the Linear Ballistic Accumulator ( Donkin et al . , 2011 ) model for a scenario like this .
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching .
Computers interact with you and so we treat them like other , real people .
One relevant piece of research is the research on the “ mere exposure ” effect .
I would like to add a bit of terminology to @ what 's answer .
No , social psychology is not a subfield of educational psychology .
I think we should first clarify the difference between simple mathematical operators and a complete formal axiomatic system .
Well that looks like the behavior of any person with a strong passion and focus for his work .
The answer has its roots in the evolution of human morality and disgust .
In chimpz , we see stronger chimps beating up weaker chimps that have consensual sex .
Diederich & Busemeyer ( 2003 ) presented a diffusion model for three choice alternatives ( p . 314 ) .
There is no true frame rate of the eyes , but there are limitations .
Most of society can 't agree entirely on how to define manliness .
The search terms " gradual-interval recall " may give you another area to research .
There are many arguments for why this is not the case .
You might be very interested in a paper by Felleman and Van Essen ( 1991 ) .
The behavioral output itself can only indirectly affect memory , but the mechanism of reinforcement lies in its reception of attention .
There 's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging , and the sophisticated version .
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching .
Multiple causes of not reading instructions As @ crash notes , there are likely many explanations for not reading instructions .
I would like to put an answer based on my experience in training and coaching others .
Not entirely sure what specific stats you 'd be interested in , but Wikipedia has plenty on prevalences of specific mental disorders .
One human-being reliance on other ( s ) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans .
If you change the items in a questionnaire , you have a different questionnaire .
the cognitive skills of a human population have a great variance .
Here is an article explaining trolling based on Sperber and Mercier 's " argumentative theory " of human reasoning .
If any one want to be treated as genius then they should roam around fools .
From the physics ( acoustics ) perspective , the sensory input changes depending upon pitch .
An addition to the other answers : We must remember that we are watching a movie .
The problem that you are describing appears to be a problem of short-term memory .
I don 't think this is a serious scientific theory at all .
This is a Mac related answer - I 'm sure there are equivalent applications on other platforms .
Is there a psychological condition which promotes literal and overly complicated thinking ?
According to Frederick Herzberg 's two-factor theory of motivation , intrinsic rewards are motivators ( e.g .
One relatively recent review on this topic is Rushton & Ankney ( 2009 ) .
This short talk deals with issues of " cheating slightly " : Dan Ariely : Our buggy moral code .
OpenSesame is a recent entry that is cross-platform and seems to promote GUI-based design while allowing customization via Python scripting .
The Inter-University Consortium for Political and Social Research ( ICPSR ) provides 8000 + data sets .
Hallucinations are not necessarily present , although they use to be observed or reported .
Humans actually exhibit both slow and fast learning and they have somewhat different properties .
If you are looking for a ' brain model of visual navigation ' , you just have to google it !
This is just the beginning of an answer , based on what I 've read so far .
As per self-regulatory theory people can have two types of regulatory focus : promotion and prevention .
FingerFriendlySoft has created an app for all iOS devices ( that is , iPod touch , iPhone and iPad ) that is called N-back Suite .
Basically , what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample .
This is indeed possible , but I haven 't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility .
Because Mary is in a relationship with John she likes him sexually .
Let 's begin by being clear about terminology and what is involved in eye movements at a basic level .
There 's a new program called " Paradigm " that has direct support for typed responses .
Indicator of genetic fitness argument There is an evolutionary psychology argument .
There 's a great 2012 paper by A. Kheifets and Randy Gallistel showing a " probability sense " in animals .
“ Show me a young Conservative and I 'll show you someone with no heart .
This is a tricky topic and my answer will be clearly speculative .
Angst seems to fit your first example about as well as I could imagine any one word fitting .
I would recommend the 730 pictures Geneva affective picture database ( GAPED ) .
In the fairly recent book " The Cambridge Handbook of Computational Psychology " , chapter three is devoted to bayesian modeling .
Both of the above answers are incorrect to some degree .
I 'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity , but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think .
The research literature on stress in general and burnout in particular would be relevant .
It looks like there is a developmental relationship between WM and general IQ : Fry , A. F. , & Hale , S. ( 1996 ) .
Leonardo da Vinci wrote both upside down , and in a mirror image .
im new here , so maybe i do not answer according to the rules , please tell me if so .
Following the comments you 've received , I 'll add my own subjective answer in the affirmative to your first question .
With your question you are limiting thinking to conscious and rational thought .
Not surprisingly , there 's a huge load of stuff you need to consider when designing things for users .
'Reinforcement ' is anything that increases the chances that an organism with repeat a behavior .
There is a classic paper by Halpern ( 1998 ) on the topic .
I would like to put an answer based on my experience in training and coaching others .
Schwarz ( 1999 ) reviews a variety of research on frequency estimation scales .
I 'll address just the first of your three sub-questions , the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington .
This is actually the reason why experiments begin in ethics .
SVM training is typically done in a batch processing , and thus the order of data presentation doesn 't matter .
Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory .
I encounter a lot of situations like this in personality research .
@ OfriRaviv provided a great answer , but I thought I 'd add a third alternative I am aware of for completeness .
I think the difference comes down to awareness and control .
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath ?
Adding to Jeromy 's answer , the answer to your question would depend on what you want to study .
In some form yes if patient is mesmerized by visual heartbeats , acording to Sciencedaily .
Long story short : at least in facial affect perception / expression , there is not a definitive answer to this .
The Hare Psychopathology Checklist is considered the current gold standard for measuring potential psychopathy .
Artificial neural networks ( ANNs ) are mathematical constructs , originally designed to approximate biological neurons .
I think this is slightly tautologous , because we all turn to " belief " to explain the things that we don 't understand .
Abstract algebra and n-dimensional space are constructs of the human mind .
Background on strategy selection We could categorise using tabs as a strategy for using a browser .
Building off of Nick Stauner 's answer , the lobes are named after the cranial bones that cover them .
Charles Fletcher , one of my professors as an undergraduate , studies reading comprehension .
In the book " Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast : The Evolutionary Origins of Belief " , Wolpert ( 2007 ) discusses the evolutionary origins of belief .
This is a bit of a tangential answer , but hopefully still useful .
There are numbers - as in groups of objects - that are easily divisible so may have the appeal of symmetry .
Wrap well in plastic ( individually ) and then put in a freezer bag .
If you use your whole beans within a week it 's probably not worth storing it in the refrigerator or freezer .
Scalloped tomatoes - a great way to use up tomatoes and old bread !
Here are some of my favorite recipes for garbanzo beans : Crispy Roasted Chickpeas - Very simple .
If you want the ice to remain soft you have to stir it while freezing .
If you 're looking for alcoholic alternatives then you could use O 'Mara 's or some other brand ( see Wikipedia for a good list ) .
You could use it as the broth base to make a traditional minestrone .
Simple Syrup is sugar that is has been dissolved in water .
Use bacon to cover the breasts , and remove them for the last 15 minutes to brown them .
I prefer chopped onions , so you know you 're eating onions .
I 'd been using paper towels to oil the grill , and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better .
On top of all of this , I look for conciseness .
Reusing your frying oil can actually add to the flavor , to a point .
Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water .
As long as the black stuff won 't rub off on the pizza , blackness shouldn 't matter .
The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5 % to 15 % .
First thing first , may be obvious but use a non stick pan .
Cinnamon is from the bark of a tree , and nutmeg is a seed .
I 've only made a couple of bbq sauces , but they 've always come out really well .
I just fill the sink with some hot water and slap it in there , covered by a clean towel .
The microwave caused heat which released oils from the coppa 's spice blend , including capsaicin .
I managed to find this recipe , I think this is where I got the idea .
Use a little if color 's the only thing you care about .
I don 't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing ...
I use a Wiki now and used to use a phpBB forum .
The beer can shouldn 't be able to rise above the boiling point of the liquid inside until it is empty .
By the wording of the question , I 'm pretty sure you 're using one of those pyramidal graters or a " sheet " grater .
So it turns out she doesn 't have any volume measurements either , other than a measuring jug .
Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer .
The beans are always my favorite part of chili and I usually use several varieties .
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it .
The type of pan that you use to bake your sponge in can help determine how evenly it will bake .
Like the people say , open lid means directional heat from the coals .
A counter top / toaster oven can probably cover many of your needs .
Actually I do this , and I do it because my oven is old and tempermental .
The only way that the butter could be incorporated without creaming would be to melt it .
I 've only made a couple of bbq sauces , but they 've always come out really well .
In my experience , fresh garlic is great for when you want texture , or to slow down the flavour infusion .
It sounds like you may be searing the steak for too long .
Freezing kills the parasites in fish that are harmfully to humans .
Consider the castiron stuff from Le Creuset ; my father-in-law has one that 's at least 50 years old and it 's still going strong .
Salmon is a great choice and it 's readily available pretty much everywhere .
Cut it up and toast to make croûtons , or crumble into bread crumbs .
Wired Magazine had a recent guide on how to make crystal clear ice .
Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat , I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface .
Keep in mind that whipping cream or egg whites by hand may take longer than you expect .
Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant .
I would suggest the best way is slow cold running water over the bottle in a bowl that covers it .
One reason is to remove some of the indigestible complex sugars that cause gas .
Just taking the " produce " part of your question , what about growing your own ?
I place the bacon in a cold oven and then turn the oven on to 400F .
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge , but I actually recommend against keeping them there .
You should buy a pizza stone , but if you don 't have one you can bake it directly over the grid .
This is little off the beaten path , but try a solvent gun cleaner ( not oil ) .
Spraying or wiping your spatula with a little cooking spray may help you slide it under the egg .
OXO Good grips , definitely Canned or pre-cut vegetables Electric can opener Really sharp knives Magic Bullet or Ninja modular food-processors .
Counterintuitively , substituting Canadian bacon ( peameal bacon ) for regular bacon will reduce the fat and calorie count .
There are several alternatives , but the most common I know of are tapioca flour and arrowroot powder / flour .
The secret is simple : Cook them slowly , at lower temperatures .
I suspect it depends what kind of cheese the whey came from .
If you have a local deli , it 's at least worth asking to see if they 'd cut your meat for you .
In my opinion , all else being equal , Italian style water-boiled pasta tastes bland .
Here is the method I use for turning out a perfect steak every time .
You can replace the moisture provided by wine with just about any flavorful liquid , but you won 't replicate the flavor .
BBC Good Food is a great UK based recipe site .
I echo the comments about sugar – but don 't overdo the sugar either !
As others have said , you 're essentially screwed if you 're using volume to measure flour .
Eggs can 't read calendars and so the expiration date is only a guide .
You just have to add more flour and water periodically so your yeast doesn 't die .
Vacherin , Comté or Emmental , I wouldn 't go for Gouda , it 's not cheese from the fondue regions .
Try some using sesame oil to go with that garlic and ginger idea .
As the water in the muscle fibers freezes it expands and creates a mushy texture .
Whipped cream was made for centuries before the mixer was invented .
Dried herbs really do only last around six months , certainly no longer than a year .
I think you 'll need to find a good source for each type of food , unfortunately .
I 'd baste it regularly - that 's essentially what rotisserie is doing , continual basting .
This site will convert weights to volumes , and says that you should use .53 of a US cup .
You absolutely don 't need a bread maker for good bread .
White sugar was commonly used as a preservative in the past , in much the same way as salt .
There was a New York Times article from 2007 on cold-brewed iced coffee .
Flavor in most meats is generally determined by a few things .
There are basically two types of cakes : butter and sponge ( or Génoise ) .
Flour is unusually variable in how densely it will settle , so this can make a big difference for some recipes .
Thin layer of olive oil on the crust before you add the sauce .
You can peel it and slice it , add some lemon and salt and eat it raw as a fresh salad .
Well , I can report that for this particular fillet , 20 minutes was probably a tad to long .
I run into this problem when the probe is placed wrong .
So from this - http : / / content.karger.com / produktedb / produkte.asp ? typ = pdf & file = IAA2003131004234 - it sounds like they both share IgE-reactive ( http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / Immunoglobulin _ E ) epitopes .
A very flexible pepper that is also good for canning is the hungarian pepper .
I 'm sorry , but cooking is not a science , though you may apply many scientific principles to it .
All pasta needs to cook is hot water , it doesn 't even have to be plentiful hot water at that .
Like Rowland said : use butter , and don 't push it around too much .
White fish are , as a rule , more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish .
In Greece , traditionally , they used Chicken or Goat as a white meat and lamb as a dark meat .
I fold in some cornflour to the meringue when making pavlova .
As for fruits ( including , for example , tomatoes ) , ethylene gas is released by fruits and causes them to ripen .
If by effective you mean which drink is more quivering , then adding the lemon zest doesn 't make much difference .
Seitan is good , and very easy to make at home .
I have two suspicions : One , you 're undercooking your roux , the flour and butter mixture , and not fully incorporating the flour .
Probably subjective , but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper .
The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence .
There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence .
I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention .
" I had mainly been " is fine , in the context you 're using it .
A Blue moon is the second full moon in the same month .
For words which are commonly used in English ( like " Paris " ) using the foreign pronunciation is guaranteed to sound pretentious .
It 's " The hottest seat " and refers to the seat the guest ( s ) sit on .
As bikeboy389 said , you can learn a lot by looking at students ' native languages .
I find the use of the word funny here in the US .
There are some cases " status " may be accounted of countable .
Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding .
It 's " if it were me " , as opposed to " if I were it " .
" A sick child throws a much bigger wrench into the machinery of a factory or retail or service worker ’ s life .
In my opinion , it depends entirely upon the intended audience .
Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone , but are joined to emphasize their relationship .
Horsepowers is possible in some very limited contexts , but otherwise horsepower is standard .
It 's a play on titles from self help programs which utilize ellipsis .
If I were filling in a chart , I would certainly capitalize both words , as in " High Cholesterol " .
To my knowledge , they are all separate species within the Bovini genus .
For one thing , " Two Thousand " is shorter to say than " twenty hundred " .
I always use the CLOOJ pronunciation , because that is how I 've always heard it .
I think the variation in British usage is almost all between users , not between examples of use .
Named is preferred in your example , since you are formally giving a name to your method .
I 'd say the expression I don 't got ... is generally rare in spoken AmE .
In most cases when this happens the person is really a non-native English speaker as you said .
If a pronoun is the subject of a verb , then you use I .
The difference between irritate and vex is small but definite .
" In almost all cases " sounds better to me , as almost refers to all : " almost all " .
I would say " fewer people " ; and it is indeed linked to count vs uncount nouns .
As Shinto pointed out , vulgar words exist in every language .
In situations like these , I tend to lengthen out the phrase .
The Corpus of Contemporary American English shows 4253 occurrences of “ ironic ” and 134 occurrences of “ ironical ” , that is 32 to 1 .
I 'm English , and would probably use ' toilet ' most of the time , and always in the context of a private home .
You can use a possessive pronoun followed by a word with ' s ( i.e .
" Try and " has largely been relegated to colloquial use , and " try to " is generally considered the correct form .
Speaking as an Englishman : the first sounds much more natural .
I 've seen the common pronunciation change in my region ( American English ) in the last 20 years or so .
The two words are synonymous , but " speak " often seems to be used in a gentler way .
I think eatable is more often used to mean palatable .
The names for Germany in different languages are quite varied .
Contracting the main verb in a sentence is perfectly fine .
The usual way is just to find the Latin root and add the suffix : quintuple , sextuple , septuple , nonuple , etc .
Thrice is somewhat common in America , but is generally considered pretentious .
Casual English is appropriate for a t-shirt since wearing clothing with phases on them is pretty casual .
A shadow is the silhouette cast by an object that blocks a source of light .
The form insofar is American English ; the standard form in British and other English is ' in so far ' .
Since et cetera means " and so forth " , your question is very nearly identical to the serial comma question .
I was on the ANSI committee that defined the 5 1 / 4 inch floppy specification ( ANSI X3-B8 ) back around 1980 .
" Off " generally carries the connotation of removal in American English .
There is no correct plural for the word Prius at the moment .
Firstly , this is only American convention — in Britain for instance you wouldn 't use it ( except for a few publishing houses ) .
It 's really not complicated or confusing if you think of it in terms of being a fraction .
Since " payment " is countable , I would go with " were " to reinforce the notion that there was more than one payment .
The word praxis is definitely an extremely formal academic word .
" Ten of six " probably means 5 : 50 but I have not heard it before .
There is not really a grammatical rule that governs this as far as I know .
In the context of stackexchange , " yearling " could be issued 12 months from when the account was opened .
In my experience , it doesn 't matter how you phrase it , as long as you remain consistent .
I 've never encountered anybody who thinks that " couple " doesn 't even begin until 4 !
I think the difference between probably and possibly is somewhat related to may and can .
I 've thought about your question for a while , and it seems a bit open-ended .
Second one ( for writing purpose ) , if I believe the " THEY / THEIR ( SINGULAR ) " article .
Here 's a pseudo-scientific , fascinating look at dictionary use by region using Google Trends .
I agree with Shinto Sherlock 's answer , but I might add " telephone conversations " to that list as well .
I felt this way when I started to watch the The Wire , and English is my first language .
The multiple definitions of " due " make several of you right .
When reading a book aloud for recorded books , the reader never says " quote / unquote " .
I 'm not sure how " Not at all " sounds in response to " thank you " .
The word " cable " has its origins in the days of the telegraph .
I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams .
I don 't think anyone would word the sentence in the examples provided .
Jail is a municipal level , prison is on a state / federal / provincial / territory level .
Maybe solvency or a related term could convey what you intend ?
When a sheriff in the deep south says , " I reckon I 'm takin ' you to jail .
Real English , as it was known 50 years ago , is dead today .
I upvoted @ hellion 's " strict " but you might also consider stringent , vigilant , or even hyper-vigilant .
The name soccer is derived from Association Football in the same way that rugger is derived from Rugby Football .
Merriam-Webster marks learnt as " chiefly British " , and Wiktionary as " UK " , adding that learned is the " Standard US English spelling " .
Men-o ’ -war is a nice one : shows that irregular plurals are just as susceptible to this construction .
A good example of usage of this is when a government replaces one tax with another .
The two words are synonyms and may be used interchangeably .
Shifting away from he and she in general is out of the question .
Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “ X and / or Y ” , as well as “ this is hard / impossible to do ” .
These days , " press " would have a strong traditional-media connotation , likely excluding bloggers , since new-media publishers neither own nor use industrial printing equipment .
A map is seen as different routes placed usually on a two-dimensional plane .
Simply put , a semicolon connects two complete sentences that are strongly related .
Personally I think you should use whatever word you feel like using at the time .
I don 't know of an adjective form of integrity , so I can 't solve your issue directly .
All up in is generally used to refer to someone being overly nosey , annoying or disapproving .
Dishonesty and other vices are often seen as corruptions , or shortcomings in a person 's character or composition .
Strictly speaking , " might " is the simple past tense of " may " .
Both " set up something " and " set something up " are perfectly correct English , as " set up " is a phrasal verb .
This is a workaround to plug avalent verbs into the rigid English sentence structure .
While , as jcarmody says , fine is an adjective rather than adverb , phrases such as this are fine for informal contexts .
There might be a context where the definite article ' the ' is used as an adjective .
In IPA , that 's would 've - / wʊdəv / - WOULD-uhv should 've - / ʃʊdəv / - SHOULD-uhv could 've - / kʊdəv / - COULD-uhv where " uhv " is a schwa sound followed by a V sound .
Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing / understanding others .
If you are used to calling it " zed " then I recommend that you use that in your presentation .
The Wiktionary mentions 3 usages : 1 / ( idiomatic ) To give evidence regarding something ; to attest for .
The rule is really made up to prevent primary school children splitting their sentences up randomly .
There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage .
No , don 't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren 't really made for supporting all that weight .
Any sport where you are working hard will burn calories and fat .
Too much protein is excreted so there are no health risks in that respect .
It 's the arms and sholders that cause the shirt to move and cause the chafing .
Nick Evans to lose weight need a diet of 50 % protein , 40 % carbohydrates , 10 % fat and a negative caloric balance .
If you are looking to build mass , you should rest 45-60 seconds between sets of 8-12 repetitions for optimal gains .
Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running .
It 's fantastically unlikely that there are any appreciable differences between the two .
Stick with the program You 're not strong enough to need to supplement your lifts .
A possible answer is that you are not getting enough sleep .
I did gymnastics as a kid and tried to get back into it two years ago .
What you 're describing is the reason many people work different muscle groups on different days .
Body weight squats will help with leg strength and balance .
It appears you are flexible enough and your hamstrings don 't need additional stretching .
It is absolutely impossible to target fat loss to any particular part of your body .
miernik , you say the only cohabitant in your room is mold ?
Sweat rate is sweat rate , you can 't really control it .
I agree with the previous answers about there being no way to ' target ' belly fat .
The worst thing a heel can do when weightlifting is compress .
Typical compression clothing , in my experience , won 't give you much direct performance benefit ( running faster , lifting heavier etc ) .
For recovery I would say still eat plenty of protein that will help your muscles to repair / recover .
The biggest concern with any exercise program is finding something you want to stick to .
The important aspect is that your average daily intake is about where your recommended calories are .
You just started training so your weight will start increasing as you will be building muscle .
Any time you exert yourself using strength , your heart will respond by pushing blood with more force .
I try do 5-6 straight forward yoga " sun salutations " every morning .
This page has a number of good quality exercises for eye strain .
Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier , but in fact , is often harder than an uphill marathon .
For powerlifting , record lifts are 3 or more times bodyweight , and the lifts don 't really require lifting the body .
I think we need to distinguish between different goals here .
Assuming you are reasonably fit , the best way to improve your running technique is to run faster .
When in doubt , start light and work up to heavy .
Low reps with high weights don 't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short .
No , that does not mean that you should only be eating 317 grams of food per day .
These maybe a little closer to barefoot than you are looking for , but Luna sandals are a good option .
I recently started a similar training regime ... and I am very fond of alcohol .
While I 'm no expert on this , there have been a couple very intriguing articles I read on this .
I made a soft moccasin and put them over my shoes .
Air squats , forward and side lunges , sprawl , wall chair , and lots and lots of jump rope .
I personally run with amphipod 's runlite belt with or without the bottles [ depends on the length of the run .
There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest .
If you use relatively heavy props there will be some benefit , but IMO not really comparable to dedicated strength training .
Yeah , if you don 't want to build muscles , then don 't use them .
Getting proper nutrients is essential to maintaining a healthy immune system .
A treadmill won 't prepare you for the impact of running for real .
I think there is just one advice that can be given in this case : See a doctor !
It is just as hard to gain and keep weight on , as it is to lose it .
As @ Sarge says , this is for a doctor to diagnose properly .
You lose weight because you either eat less or exercise more .
I recently purchased a pair of Merrell True Glove minimalist shoes .
It sounds like they 're warming up with 15 , 20 , and 30 , doing one work set with 40 , then doing what 's called a " back-off " set with 10 .
Movement is actually an essential part of maintenance and recovery .
Hard to answer outside the context of your whole program .
Given the additional information you 've posted , it sounds like you are simply hitting a wall .
I 've been into running and cycling for years now and have done races and different things to motivate myself .
In general , warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights .
This summary article gives a good review of the mechanics of recovery and some plausible guidelines on training frequency .
A strong core is necessary for performing a push up with good form .
Doing slow pushups may help depending how much you weigh actually .
The answer depends on what your overall goals are , and what you are doing with your training .
Tracking your progress is one of the best ways to motivate change .
To get a fairly exact calculation follow these steps : Step 1 : Calculate your Basal Metabolic Rate ( BMR ) .
You might want to take a look at ( and perhaps avoid ) sumo wrestlers ' eating / sleeping patterns .
If she is " terrified " that she will tear up her knees with the squat , she very likely will .
Losing weight is about expending more calories than you take in .
There are actually quite a few studies that address this question .
In addition to my earlier answer I think one key is consistency .
I always find it more satisfying to gain , since I like to eat .
I have shoes that I 've worn for many years without problems .
Your symptoms lead me to believe you have a very stressful day job or even life .
A whey protein shake would be an easy way to get protein .
Every food we eat are digested by specific enzymes that are highly sensitive to temperature .
I 've found Pavel Tsatsouline 's book The Naked Warrior to be a good source of bodyweight exercises .
You can mix those , but in my experience , it will be very difficult at first .
A free e-book gave me an answer to this a while ago .
The information you are asking about is not well known .
What you 're looking to do is increase your Anaerobic threshold Here 's how it works .
As many others have either said directly or indirectly , adding some kind of interval work will definitely help .
Pulling your stomach muscles in will help keep them active .
I would say high impact workouts like running might make them worse .
There are many factors that contribute lack of energy , but nutrition-wise , one of the reasons is " fast " carbohydrates ( especially sugar ) .
I 've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights .
Video lessons contains poses and and can fast-forward video lessons directly to poses and concentrate on the exercise perfromance .
As to your reference to power sports , core strength should dominate all other priorities .
Cramping , especially at night , can be a response to low calcium .
You have several options available to you , but it does seem like you want to really slow down your deadlift .
What I really would recommend is to change your routine , if you have followed the same for 2 years .
First of all , sipping protein shake does not increase muscle growth by itself .
As a former gymnast , I recommend that you try a gymnastics gym .
You cannot " target " an area of the body for fat loss .
If it 's a light amount of soreness , it 's a good sign .
I see others recommended getting outside , I 'll stay with your specifics of indoor stress and depression focus exercises .
Eat like a horse if you 're focusing on strength gains First , how do you know how much is enough ?
There are ( at least ) two different ways to look at this .
It 's fine to skip arm specific exercises if you are already happy with how they are progressing without direct exercises .
Because I 'm pretty busy , I usually do weights both before and after cardio .
Let me start by saying that no amount of water will keep the doctor away .
If you have concerns about your heart rate then I would see a doctor .
There 's a nice article on developing mental toughness on Ralph Jean-Paul 's blog .
I haven 't tried storing tomato seeds myself , but I have tried to store pepper seeds ( and they are closely related ) .
It is possible to buy citrus trees with more than one variety grafted to it .
I 'm assuming you want to keep using these tools , and not just clean them up for display .
If you are living anywhere around New England it is because the temperature drops at night .
Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils .
Yes , legumes do provide nitrogen to associated plants , through multiple mechanisms .
Absolutely ok ; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter .
When the peppers come to fruit , they 're going to start out green .
I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees .
You 're better off buying seeds from the rack in the front of the store .
Plants that are thinned to 4 " can fit 9 in a square foot .
I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers .
I 've chipped the main roots and stump with an axe to speed the natural decay .
Looking at the video , it looks like a pretty typical whitefly .
On the off-chance that you 're serious ... No , we are not in danger of running out of rocks .
If the plant really does have Foot and Root rot , best remove it as soon as possible .
As they 've been causing so much havoc , I 've been doing more research and found out that they 're not bean beetles .
Being in Australia , I started out with exactly the same question , xiahouzi .
If your grass looks like the below picture in summer , then you have bermuda grass .
If exposure to cucumber beetles is a possibility , then it may be bacterial wilt , for which there is no treatment .
The first question is whether the tree is worth saving .
I 've got the same problem , where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens .
If not good for compost , could it be useful anywhere else in the garden ?
We struggled with groundhogs at our local community garden for several years .
I had it few times , bought in a nursery , and they were exactament so .
Some support won 't hurt , especially if it is a large fruited variety .
First , let me say I 've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass .
We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots .
I use liquid regent aquarium test kits to track my sail parameters .
The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better ( IMHO ) .
Since you 've already accepted a nicely sourced answer , I 'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition ( i.e .
Additional to the other answers , basil famously doesn 't like to be damp overnight .
You determine how many you want to put based on the germination rate .
The least possible slope shall be used for any ramp .
I just talked to the guy that handles my lawn and he said that this is common with new mulch .
Lettuce is finicky and prone to bolt due to the heat .
A single leaf may be lethal to a child ( Shaw & Pearn , 1979 ) .
It doesn 't matter so much how often you mow , as much as how long the grass is .
I wouldn 't use the sawdust if the wood has been treated with any chemicals .
If water goes down in sometime then you don 't need to do anything .
Every trees ( though dwarf ) have to be replanted during winter , when sleeping .
It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots .
It should be safe when there is new growth from the cutting you planted .
Application is 1 / 2 " gallon per 1000 sq ft . 0.3 acre is 13,000 square feet For 6 1 / 2 " gallons of solution .
I reccomend " Monkey Grass " because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice !
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt .
Mulch is just a general term meaning materials applied to the top of the soil around plants , usually .
Some mosses from outside will establish indoors in good indirect light .
Use coco peat - It 's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly .
This tree is large , of significant caliper and in a tight spot .
I bought the mantis tiller cultivator but to go along with it I bought the aerator and dethatcher combo .
It is entirely possible that the experts are correct and that removal is the only option .
Well , one good way to kill your lawn is to mow it extraordinarily low .
It looks more Bradford Pear like than cherry or crabapple .
This plant is called the Mass Cane or Dracaena Massangea also known as Dracaena fragrans .
Why not start seeds and grow them in a container this year ?
Alternatively you might try throwing buckwheat seeds into the dirt areas between the rocks .
It 's Peruvian daisy ( Galinsoga quadriradiata ) , which is native to Central and South America .
What possible harm could the presence of ants bring to your dirt ?
The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent , by weight , of Nitrogen , P2O5 and K2O , respectively .
As @ bstpierre mentioned , the pile you are working with is huge and suggested making it into smaller piles .
Your pile will compost without turning it , but it goes faster if you turn it .
Well I wouldn 't risk it , not in a cold compost system .
Late last year ( September or so ) I started getting about 2 gallons a week of grounds .
Fruit trees in poor health often are full of carpenter ants , which can do major damage to the house .
This sounds like it could be Blackspot fungus which is brought on by overly damp or humid conditions .
I used popsicle sticks and a sharpie for plant labels this year .
If you want to grow kitchen herbs look for varieties that are hearty in warm climates .
Lettuce often runs to seed prematurely when it is stressed .
With some additional information , it appears that the salesman gave me good advice .
We don 't have enough information to provide a definitive diagnosis .
Any organic gardener will tell you Round Up damages the ground .
You did the right thing in hiring a professional with local expertise .
If you can put together a sufficiently large collection of vegetarians , they will take care of it .
If you had more mint , I 'd go with what Yoda said .
Peonies are often shipped by nurseries as root stock , and they can be propagated from toot cuttings ( which you 've found !
I don 't think there is a solution to " helping the lawn recover " because in this case it is completely dead .
In the west water rights were acquired by the states to encourage expansion westward .
I 'd say it depends a bit on what will be grown later .
Although some doubt was cast on it in an earlier question , there is the concept of " scorching " .
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt .
After just reading the title , I was going to suggest get a dog .
If you have open fires in your home you 're likely to have a supply of kindling / starters .
Save the beer and make your own traps is my suggestion .
It will " work " -- after all , the city compost takes meat .
The links in the other answers are great starting points , but experience will be your best teacher .
add garden lime or even gypsum , mixing it in a bit .
Watering could cool temperatures - because the water is cool , and ( more importantly ) through evaporation .
Below are a few quotes from this answer I posted here on SE .
I have two and they are mounted just below my hip .
Add sand , leaves , and compost and mix it around with a pitchfork .
Are your apples particularly soft / mushy at all or are they pretty firm ?
A preventive solution after you have weeded is to apply a polymeric sand onto the pavers .
Local newspapers and master gardener groups are a place to look - they may have websites of pamphlets / booklets .
For many indoor tropical plants life in the office is slow death .
You should Google " Back to Eden " film and see the results from the gardener in that documentary .
Only water high in minerals ( especially sodium ) can do some " burn " damage when watering in the heat .
Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants .
You could kill it by suffocating it from light and heating it naturally .
They sell artificial turf at Lowes , Home Depot , and online .
I concur with @ T.E.D ; the question is a " no True Scotsman " bar bet .
There is direct evidence of truly intercontinental trade dating back to approximately 1700 BC .
Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family , the owners of the village .
The Elks Theatre in Middletown , Pennsylvania has been open since October 1911 .
The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area .
My guess is that World War II accelerated Indian independence .
In Hitler 's mind , defeating the Soviet Union was the most important thing .
I know that in the British armed forces there has always been a difference in equipment / clothing / food / messes between officers and enlisted men / women .
The USSR growth rate during the 50 's was not exceptionally high .
I have been travelling in Extremadura for the past 5 days .
The four nations each benefited from the Union , for the most part anyway .
Looking at China , we can see several " revolutions " ( or attempts at them ) by students .
There really aren 't a lot of differences , and that 's by design .
Arguably , the first genocide was attempted in Persia , and against the Jews , as related in the Biblical book of Esther .
From reading on Wikipedia , I found that Kaifeng was taken by the Mongols by Ogedei Khan .
Europe and East Asia didn 't industrialize at the same time .
There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen 's spouse as " King " - because they aren 't the King .
They had a treaty beginning in 1941 , after a few skirmishes along the area in question .
The Roman armies of the early to mid-Republic were largely conscript based with the conscripts serving for a relatively short period .
The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History .
Las Vegas was not founded in a particularly random desert .
As you know , the Federal Art Project was a part of the WPA during the Great Depression .
Churchill was not Prime Minister when the MRP was announced or when it went into effect .
It was a slow process but it did begin with trade , most notably Southern cotton .
The Declaration of Independence of the USA is be a candidate .
Germany was not a DIRECT threat to the United States .
Saladin was an unusual man who tried to win the " hearts and minds " of people he conquered .
The original question relates most strongly to Weberian conceptions of class .
The Archimedes Heat Ray seems to be a good example .
Erwin Rommel - The Devil 's General The SPIEGEL has released a good up to date point of view about NAZI Rommel ( 01 .
This relates to the " discovery " of Asian , and other non-European cultures by Americans .
That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field .
I 'm not sure there 's going to be a definitive source for an answer to this .
The question makes no sense so I voted to close it .
A recent example of peaceful secession is in 1991 when Eritrea became independent from Ethiopia .
J. Robert Oppenheimer 's biographer Ray Monk thinks that Heisenberg played no such role ( perhaps he " did " in convenient-to-some retrospect ) .
I guess those are greek tickets ( εισιτηριον ) for excavation sites or museums .
suggests this kind of things is better understood from the inside .
I understand that writing " any historians " you mean " any non-German historians " .
There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece .
My family came from Western Ukraine and my grandfather attended University in Chernotsy and Vienna .
Just to expand on the disease angle , at its height , Zambia 's population was 3 % European .
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell .
I 'm Cuban ( 1984- leave cuba in 2009 ) , and I 'll try to be the most unbiased possible .
It is a mistake to think of the Battle of the Wilderness as a Confederate Victory .
What I think happened here is a case of gradual exaggeration .
The middle of the 18th century was the height of the British nationalist movement .
The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty , after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed .
I believe this question puts the cart before the horse .
Britain didn 't use their navy because ships don 't work on land .
Well , as stated by Monster Truck there are many theories about when the " weekly off " was introduced to India .
As per your original question : The Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy 's victory .
In fact during the Age of Discovery , Africa had been the principle objective .
It is a shadow to show the vertical displacement of the Grand Gallery .
During the American Civil War , the Union attacked the Confederacy in this fashion .
To my impression this reflects systematic bias of the sources you use , possibly , sources circulating in your country and / or language .
As noted on the Wiki page , grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock .
There is yet another reason why the male nude was common in Greece .
France and Britain didn 't focus much on South America because it wasn 't really valuable territory .
Note : this is an opinion question ( especially the second part ) and probably off-topic here .
The Cold War was the standoff between the Capitalistic USA and Communistic USSR .
The outcome of the Cold War would likely not have been different if the " Space Race " did not occur .
I can offer some points of the constitution that I remebember beeing implemented esp .
The Daily Express just took the caption from Getty Images without substantial modification .
Hitler was atheist , church was only an instrument for him .
They had a treaty beginning in 1941 , after a few skirmishes along the area in question .
I 'll separate my answer into two : ancient history and modern history .
I did some more research using the answers provided as a guide , particularly about the Daguerreotype .
Let 's consider a well documented journey by Napoleon in 1809 , a mere 40 years later .
You may consider emperor Justin II who resigned due to progressing insanity .
This is a simple question , it 's because Hindusim is not a religion at all .
Personally , I don 't think anything ever went particularly " wrong " with India .
German physicist tried to build an atomic bomb , at least there were experiments .
One reason appears to be the success of ( Confederate ) General Stonewall Jackson 's Shenandoah Valley Campaign in late spring of 1862 .
The main problem here is that the civilizations of India were almost completely illiterate before the Aryan movements .
I don 't think it is possible to idenitify a single point in history as beginning the " slope toward the end " .
It 's still possible for an invaded people to lose if the odds are TOO overwhelming .
Sherman 's " March to the Sea " hurt the CSA 's economy and helped to end the war .
According to Cardinal Richelieu 's Wikipedia page he was a cardinal priest until December 4 , 1642 , the day of his death .
In those days , most of the people of the " Ukraine " lived in the western part of the province ( around Kiev ) .
Just to expand on the disease angle , at its height , Zambia 's population was 3 % European .
The question makes no sense so I voted to close it .
I am not exactly sure but I remember the media ( in India ) addressing Delhi as " HASTHINA " .
This is not really an answer to your question , but the following numbers look much more realistic .
If the Commonwealth " surrendered prematurely at Crete , " it was in the fighting around the Maleme airfield .
Apart from advocating scientific management , Gastev was a proletariat smithy ( kuznitsa ) poet .
Bruce Catton 's history and Shelby Foote 's history should have the details .
You might also ask why these people from the steppes also created so much havoc in CHINA .
The truth is that Germany ways de-facto the leader in the majority of sciences from the end of XIX century .
All depends on the aircraft , development went very quickly during WW1 .
This is unfortunately the only source I could find which describes COMECON 's imperialist tendencies in great detail .
A greek-speaking slave ( δούλος , doulos ) I think would call his master κύριος ( translit : kurios ; lord , master , sir ; vocative form : κύριε ) .
I think the question totally glosses over the fact that " East Pakistan " was created out of the partition of Bengal .
To my impression this reflects systematic bias of the sources you use , possibly , sources circulating in your country and / or language .
I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse , Bucephelus , died from a wound received in the battle against Porus .
Even if somebody can rise to height , does not make a society classless .
Romance is hardly a western construct ; it 's universal among all humans .
I think everyone who has posted here ( @ ihtkwot , @ mgb , @ Russell ) have all brought up important points .
Too many factors at work to really say ' a bow has a range of X ' .
It was pitch / tar and oil that was ignited and sprayed if my memory serves me correctly .
Indefinite articles developed from numerals , and the definite articles developed from demonstratives .
Sanskrit has been a subject of revival efforts since the 1908s in various villages in India .
Romance languages have ( generally speaking ) three classes of verbs , inherited from Latin .
In fact , you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don 't care about preserving meaning .
Latin forms the future participle of most verbs ( futurus , moriturus ) , Russian only form the verb to be ( будущий ) .
Modern Englishes , and many other well-known languages , use base 10 ( ie decimal ) systems of numerals .
The source for this is in a book called The Coming Revolution by Zamir Cohen .
@ Joe has covered words for " pineapple " , so here 's some info on words for " banana " .
Bluntly , Slovak and Slovenian have nothing in common other than being both Slavic languages .
" Are modern languages in any non-arbitrary way superior to ancient languages , e.g .
Historically , signed phonemes were considered to fall into 4 ( or 5 depending on who you ask ) categories that are sometimes called parameters .
Modern Englishes , and many other well-known languages , use base 10 ( ie decimal ) systems of numerals .
There is also the Al-Sayyid Bedouin Sign Language , which developed under similar circumstances ( isolated deaf community ) in the south of Israel .
Broadly speaking , there is a linguistic continuum across Northern India .
I am a native turkish speaker living in İstanbul , 30 years old .
Would you count a language that has lost most of its ( original ) number system ?
Thank you all for giving examples of word order in your mother language .
It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues .
I agree with Thomas that the situation in English and in German is not the same .
One possibility is because of its relative isolation from the other Latin-based languages .
I couldn 't read the first and not the second much either .
This word can well be connected with its Chinese counterpart .
I 'm not an expert , but in my experience this is common in Galician and Spanish .
For those unsure of terminology , " analytic " refers to how many morphemes group together to make a word .
TL ; DR : Option D is the answer , and Option E may be an answer with minor corrections .
Here are some cases where an adjunct ( always locative ) comes before the " of " complement .
I am not sure if there is a word for no .
As Ivan writes , the example in the question is indeed an example of so-called right node raising ( RNR ) .
weak context-freeness : can the language be analyzed by a CF grammar at all ?
In traditional grammar , the word doing is a participle in all your examples .
I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing .
You may want to have a look at OpenNLP http : / / opennlp.apache.org / .
Although it is a strong tendency it is still only a tendency .
Although I am quite fluent in Russian , I wouldn 't say English sound particularly ' cold ' to me .
Sinhala , one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system .
One idea that 's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves .
Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed .
Unfortunately , there is no straightforward syllabification method that is accepted by a majority of linguists .
The more languages you know , the easier it generally is to learn new ones .
Languages can often be distinguished based on prosodic information alone .
Try looking in a mirror into your mouth while producing some words like " fill feel hello ladle larry bottle etc " .
As in Russian , Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines .
This is an example I always find is helpful for first year .
No , It doesn 't make sense for exactly the reasons you posited .
Free software , ' Audacity ' , can apply and preserve , as well as infinitely undo , many useful transformations in any selections of the audio .
The biggest problem with signing is that you can 't talk to a person without first getting their attention .
To some extent , there are rules you can apply to pronounce , say , teaching based on the known pronunciation of teach .
When writing my dissertation about Language and Identity I found these two references : Bugarski , R. ( 1997 ) .
The Balkan sprachbund is a group of languages which have interspersed grammatical features among each other .
I think that the basic observation about agglutinative languages generally not having complex tonal systems is pretty well upheld .
I doubt the explanations given elsewhere in this thread very much .
Language can " improve " over time as well as " just changing " .
There is a paper by Pavel Caha on Lingbuzz that addresses this exact question .
As with all natural laws , Zipf 's law is an approximation .
The same goes for [ g ] : [ ǵ ] and [ l ] : [ ĺ ] , and no other consonant .
I do not know that I have a proper answer , but I would like to summarize my findings .
I wouldn 't hundred percent subscribe to Tamil ( refering here to classical Tamil Sangam poetry ) being mora-timed .
I have probably turned myself into a machine , but the sentences I was driving against the traffic towards London .
There are formalized dependency-based grammars , such as Meaning-Text Theory or Functional Generative Description .
The answer is that we do not know ( and possibly never will ) .
Although I am quite fluent in Russian , I wouldn 't say English sound particularly ' cold ' to me .
A sort of squabble played out a few years ago on the pages of Language .
Latin has a pretty large class of nouns like these , which are actually called abundantia in the grammatical tradition .
First of all , this goal is seen as somewhat utopic today .
First , I am going to address Tangurena 's answer ( I don 't have enough reputation to add a comment ) .
I would really give not an answer but somewhat refusal for the question ( despite the question is really good ) .
As you can probably guess , there are several ways to determine the etymology of words .
As others have pointed out , it seems that you probably meant to discuss homo * phones * , and I 'll proceed on that assumption .
The most interesting research is experimental work on grammatical gender and functional words ( like prepositions ) .
With due regard to @ mollyocr 's answer , I shall answer my own question .
" Phoneme " is a theoretical construct which probably can 't go away .
In the Old Ethiopic language Ge 'ez a double dot ( : ) was used to separate words .
This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters ' in Linguistics .
One problem is , as you 've identified , how to define " language " .
According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English .
In fact , it seems to be the case that you do get / r / in those contexts and specific words ( also , ' squash ' , etc . ) .
What roots cannot denote is the actual and specific performance of an action .
I am not convinced that either one of these answers in correct .
'Orthographically similar ' might be another term you can use , meaning ' spelled similarly ' .
Different languages produce their vowels at different positions in the mouth .
You may want to start with an excellent review by Leonid Kulikov .
The Western Desert Language in Australia does not have a word directly equivalent to English ' love ' .
These are two different representations that depend on your assumption .
Avestan yātu- , Middle Persian jādūg , New Persian jādū all mean “ sorcerer ” , though the NP word is also used for “ sorcery ” ( MP .
This kind of phonological ambiguity is frequent enough , also because sound may be distorted .
Hebrew šɛmɛn שמן “ oil , fat ” is a Semitic cognate of Arabic samn سمن “ fat , butter ” ( with Semitic s1 ) .
Normally , English " k " , " t " and " p " are always aspirated , so they have a very slight " h " sound right after them .
I think the academic phonological analysis is true only to a small extent .
@ Alenanno 's answer is great , but there is yet another factor : conspiracy .
Interesting response from Ron Maimon , although I am not sure I understand it fully .
This is not a scientific account , it may not be accurate , nor am i an expert on the subject .
I think the word you are looking for is plesionym .
RE : " some of Mongour are Taoist and Bonan are Muslim " The Bao 'an / Bonan who are officially classified as such live in Gansu .
This kind of phonological ambiguity is frequent enough , also because sound may be distorted .
I just read about a study on this which used a fascinating methodology .
Here is a funny clip from a dramatization of a Japanese class : Nihonjin no Shiranai Nihongo episode 1 clips .
The OP seems to be bilingual in English in Chinese .
At present , the recent findings of Lusitanian inscriptions confirm the bilingual character ( indigenous - Latin ) of the so called Lusitanian language .
I don 't see why a definite article suffix and " definiteness " as a noun property contradict each other .
The English word " right " comes from Proto-Indo-European word o ̯ reĝtos which meant " correct " and had cognates o ̯ reĝr " directive , order " , o ̯ reĝs " king , ruler " , o ̯ reĝti " guides , directs " , o ̯ reĝi ̯ om " kingdom " .
I have gone through three pairs , two without the toe strap , and one with .
No , a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what 's inside .
Down is the lightest and most compressible delivering the best warmth .
In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans .
I use Solarcaine , which contains a local anesthetic , on both mosquito bites and sunburn .
I always ascend the other way around ( foot-prusik above the chest prusik ) .
I have gone through three pairs , two without the toe strap , and one with .
You can shoot a human in self defense , so don 't worry about shooting a bear if you have to .
I 've been using a LowePro TLZ bag clipped to the front of my pack , just above the sternum straps .
There are all kinds of people who put up the fly first , then crouch under it putting up the inside .
I carry 6L in the Mojave dunes but find that I only drink 3 to 4L .
Generally in England and Wales it is illegal to wild camp anywhere without prior permission from the land owner .
Fecal contamination should not really be an issue unless someone is already sick .
Nylon , among other synthetics , is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons .
The simplest ones are like this , and even the more complex ones are typically broadly similar .
GPS systems can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellites .
There is a product called naked surf that you can apply as a liquid rash guard .
If there is another person person onboard , have them do nothing but watch the person in the water .
Actually it 's looking like Bio-charing the waste is going to be the best option .
The key factors are going to vary from person to person .
American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California , mostly in the mountains .
Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly .
I 'm going to say that fit is one of the most important elements .
First , sorry to hear the diagnosis , but you are not alone .
If you are being asked to boil water it has a biological contamination .
Whilst walking about , clench your fist , then stretch your hand open again .
I think Kate Gregory 's answer has covered the most important issues .
I use a " Camelbak Stoaway " bladder - it has a bit of insulation and neoprene on the tube .
Duct tape wraps around items fairly and can be stored by wrapping on your gear .
One method is to build a brake out of carabiners .
As stated by Graham in his comment , I would recommend using ice traction device like this one or this one .
When hiking in the cold you need to be able to sweat but not get cold .
Alright , there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address .
I 've had a very large number of finger and tendon injuries over 20 years of climbing .
Apart from what has been said , your need of water also depends on what you eat .
Pea vs. Pealess -- In very cold temperatures , pea whistles don 't work Volumn -- Louder is better ... to a point .
If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors .
Keeping some outward tension on the belay device really helps .
In the UK we have , comparative to other countries , very few venomous creatures .
Tie the end of the yarn to the bottom-most thread of the warp .
Perhaps manufacturers advise on how much strain their ropes could take before retirement ?
I 'm a sailboat skipper with 25 years experience , so perhaps my tips could help a bit .
Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries .
As mentioned in other answers , it will depend on the type of your backpack .
We 've been using flexible Platypus reservoirs and have had no trouble thus far .
To me , hiking is totally different from the rest of the activities on the list .
I would since a tampon has more than one use example this link shows 10 different ways to use one ( http : / / artofmanliness.com / 2012 / 06 / 05 / survival-tampon / ) .
We have tested many sleds over the years and this one is as dangerously fast as it is classically beautiful .
Climbing is the best exercise for finger and hand strength improvement , just make sure to warm up and stretch .
I 've heard good things about Badger Balm protecting from biting bugs .
The first solution that comes to mind is a " zeer " , or pot-in-pot refrigerator .
DEET can be harmful to the skin if you suffer from any skin disorders such as Eczema ( as I do ) .
Since it has been a year and some of this has not been mentioned I felt compelled to do so .
The most common for rock climbing are with fingerboards or campus boards .
You can use any piece of lint , string , or leaves , to make a makeshift lure .
My experience tell me this : sleep naked always if there 's no sign of a possible avalanche .
I lived in Yosemite for over a year and saw TONS of tree belay stations .
By far the simplest and most hygienic solution is to buy two sets .
This isn 't something a real fisherman would do , so if you really want to learn to fish don 't do it .
Infants & Toddlers most of the time will not know about safety .
I enjoy being alone , but I 'll bring a book and some music for when I 'm in my tent .
Outdoors you can dig a hole and build SOLAR STILL .
I 'm no herpetologist , but in my experience , snakes are in the " you don 't bug me , I won 't bug you " category .
I realize you already made your trip , but I will answer your question anyhow .
Unlike others , I think the route is pretty well described .
As your body gets used to the altitude , the symptoms go away .
Have you tried fitting them both into a single pillowcase ?
From my comment - Some people keep a jar in the tent to pee in .
In dry climates you can take advantage of evaporative cooling - especially on a bike .
Acclimatization isn 't purely psychological ; it is actually a physiologically different response based upon recent exposure and experience .
Can you do some local training hikes on similar terrain before heading out there ?
I would recommend checking out something like Hobie 's Mirage pedal driven kayaks .
I am not entirely sure , but I think you are referring to boots like the La Sportiva Nepal .
Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill .
DEET is really evil , it is a dissolvent that is able to etch the plastic cap !
I have several gluten-intolerant people in my life , and though I haven 't taken them camping , here 's how I would feed them .
For pure calorific content , you cant beat Kendall Mint Cake .
Holding on to crimpers is what causes pain in my finger-joints .
Hartley ( and Phil ) pretty much have it covered , but I 'd add a couple of things .
You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website .
Clip together any unclipped compression straps even if you aren 't tightening them , just to reduce the length that flaps around .
I don 't want , however , to inform anyone around about that cache - I want to keep it secret only for ' chosen ' .
If your fingers are to the cold point where you cant feel them , then not much is going to help .
My favorite fireside activity is my family 's version of 20 questions .
In my opinion you should also take the hybrid helmets into account .
I 've not camped in subzero weather before but I have spent several hours working on glaciers .
Again , tie a secure loop in the rope near the second sack .
General fitness is the only technique you can employ without going to higher altitudes .
The above advice is quite good , just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country .
Here is a few videos on how you can clean your hydration pack .
The first two images on this site ( pictured below ) show how you can pack your rope without producing tangles .
Yes , it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope ( or Single Rope Technique / SRT Rope as it is known by cavers ) .
Stuff is first put into plastic bags according to type .
Tent : A 2 person tent divides up really well between Tent / rainfly , and poles / groundcloth , a 4 person tent breaks down each component even more .
From experience with small sections I have used hand sanitizer and it works .
I have bought the Copper Spur 3 and slept in it now on a cottage lawn and on a backcountry campsite .
I first bought a MSR Fuel Bottle ( 325 ml , aluminum ) for packing denatured alcohol for my Trangia stove .
According to my father ( a self-identified mountaineer ) , the difference is as follows : A rock climber encounters a cliff on a mountainside .
Here 's my attempt to make a truly thorough answer to the question of cold-weather clothing .
Are you sure this is a good idea at all ?
My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this .
I would say it 's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue .
You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while .
I DO NOT recommend night driving--especially if your drive is in excess of ten hours .
I agree that you need to take care of this prior to your child being born .
When you are talking about babies and toddlers , bullying is a lot simpler than it can be with older children .
If you omit eggs and dairy , it becomes very difficult to get adequate nutrients .
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn 't shouting and / or misbehaving ?
I would simply like to recommend a book that is fabulous for your situation .
Here 's what I saw with my fraternal twins : While learning to speak , all children develop some of their own dialect .
We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth , therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you .
Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous .
The longer it has been since the last feeding , the easier it should be to pump .
I really wanted my ears pierced , but my parents said I had to wait until I was 10 years old .
There are those who feel that rewards are just as counter-productive as punishments .
Baby talk , when used correctly is beneficial to speech development .
I have never worked out how to get a child to listen first time .
Many children , instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control .
As @ tomjedrz said , they do go from being baby carriers to stuff carriers and are always useful in that regard .
I think there 's too many factors at play to determine the proper age to use cry it out .
Here are two sites with the results of research on nipple confusion .
I 've found with my baby that it 's more accurate to go by his behavior than by " rules " .
I suggest looking to offer up as many resources regarding his interests as you can .
My sister put her son in a martial arts class and was nervous because he is really shy .
Another strange thing that I wish I had the foresight to buy earlier are " Pool noodles " .
Being from India , our criteria was : How will it sound to international English speakers ?
Instead of the bacon we use slices of ham or turkey depending on which brand has less sodium in it .
Young children often are overwhelmed with options , especially when tired .
In general , I would do the same thing to an 18 year old as any of my kids .
It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher .
She 's probably into the first growth spurt already and as such is hungry all the time .
The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world .
As was mentioned , the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria .
I think it 's important that you make time for the older child so they don 't feel neglected .
We have allowed our boys to use afghans at night since about 9 months old .
My daughter used to have a reaction when we used normal detergents .
I 've actually heard the opposite , at least for younger kids .
Pick her up if she doesn 't relax after a few calm " sleep now , dear " .
There are two most likely scenarios here : Your child may have oral-sensory issues .
My 8yo is a budding opera geek ... has been for at least a year and a half .
Baby pimples actually have little to nothing to do with cleanliness .
A friend told me it 's when they are silent that there is a problem .
The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong .
Same here , except we are dealing with milk protein which means not even lactose free milk .
Aside from asking people with children for recommendations , try asking an OB / GYN .
As HedgeMage said , a routine is very very important , especially the story telling part .
According to my personal experience there 's no better way to be the best exapmle to your kids .
I was not allowed to watch Soap Operas while I was growing up .
Yours looks like the one we used for my kids ( same brand and everything ) .
Nouns are great , but it 's also important to include other parts of speech ( adverbs , adjectives , etc . ) .
a ) As soon as he can count , add and subtract ; b ) When he spends significant time outside home without parents .
We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids .
A rather standard answer is " What to expect when you 're expecting " book .
The potential that you will learn something makes it absolutely worth it .
I was at the University of Alberta while they were doing a 2-week clinic for people ( adults ) who stutter .
Actually , it looks like there are multiple options for organic formula .
Our daughter has always loved her bath , but coming out ... not so much .
Similar to those mentioned earlier , we too have a routine to leave .
Relaxation exercises before bed can help as well as holding a cork in the front teeth for 1 minute before bed .
An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare .
Though I always start with non-electronic activities , I make sure to keep a few tucked into my bag as a backup .
Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years .
We really tried avoiding 1,2,3 with our son , preferring time outs , but time outs just weren 't that effective .
I have the same problem with my 7 year old son .
I don 't think you should be afraid of this conversation at all .
I don 't think there a games the specifically do this , however most games will lend themselves to this skill .
Quite simply : stop doing it , stop letting the siblings and grandparents do it .
A good question might be some things not to buy .
I can 't scientifically debunk the myth you mention , but I 've never heard of it and I don 't think it 's true .
If you are asking the question , then that 's all that matters .
As the comments have said , don 't be afraid to ask your pediatrician about it , since it worries you .
I had a bedtime routine and followed a 3 hour cycle for my infant ( at the time newborn ) .
The fact that she played with her toys for 3 hours indicates that there is NOT anything physically wrong .
After visiting 2 urgent cares and our pediatrician the recommendation is unanimous .
We abandoned swaddling at 4 weeks because our son would scream and thrash when being swaddled .
Personally , I feel the volume of words is more important , than the diversity , at least early on .
You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her .
Tell him : Father is not only a title , its a job .
We 're soon to be moving our son from his toddler bed to a full sized bed .
Some things to try : Remove all chocolate and mint from her diet .
Some of the other answers seem to address older children .
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over .
In addition to the other suggestions , I 'd say make sure he can type relatively accurately .
I have always heard its a bad idea until they 're two .
I 've tried to work on this with emotional intelligence : helping my kids understand what they and other people are feeling .
I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4 .
There 's probably a study to support whatever theory there is you want to believe in .
Nothing really special for camping that you don 't already do when you go out .
The usual guidance given sounds odd : in early years leadership is learned by example .
A newborn will start issues ( as we 've had ) with jealousy , and a whole new set of attention seeking behaviour .
Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them .
Its not just profanity but other words that are derisive of other people etc .
I have 5 kids ( 20 , 18 , 10 , 8 , 6 ) and none of them ever threw a tantrum .
In my experience , babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry .
I think that it is greatly dependent on the culture of the school and they way it is done .
Our son started doing something similar but not quite as bad .
The main feedback I can provide here is to model the behavior you want to see in your child .
I understand that the first 3 days are the most important , so much so it is vital you do it then .
I had a similar problem with my daughter ( I called her the carb junkie ) .
The simplistic answer is to buy two from different manufacturers .
We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once .
You can 't expect your pet to keep mum if you are not with him .
First , the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food , not friends .
To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush .
It really all depends on what you feed the dog .
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish , they are almost difficult to kill .
If you 're looking for a pet , I would probably suggest guinea fowl .
I had a dog with Cushing 's Disease , and he gobbled food .
I am not an expert , just happen to have lived the same thing a couple of months ago .
In general I 'd say one should feed cats wet food instead of dry .
I think Keltari has some good ideas .... A cat can change its " taste " in litter material .
Don 't use regular shampoo -- cats have very sensitive skin and regular shampoo will dry it out and irritate it .
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it .
I had a dog with Cushing 's Disease , and he gobbled food .
They don 't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house .
Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it .
Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things .
In my 200 L fresh water tank , which is an aggressive tank , fish occasionally get harassed to death .
I would definitely ask his vet how much he thinks is too much for the dog 's age and physical state .
There 's an answer to this on Cesar Millan 's website from a vet .
I do not believe there is a specific diet which will ensure that no feces remains on a dog 's backside .
Home Depot has a great product called " Odoban " which is an all natural enzymatic cleanser that eliminates urine stains / odors .
I have had really good results using carPET Scratch Stoppers in doorways and under doors .
Unfortunately , have no external sources , but my father is a veterinarian and my mother is a pet dietary consultant .
I 've made sure to have more cardboard boxes around for my youngest cat to shred and bite .
I feed my cats a roughly 50 / 50 diet of wet and dry .
First , you should realize that this is not you or your dog 's problem .
Although I 'm 100 % in favour of clicker training , in this case it might not be the best approach to start with .
The info you 've been given in the previous answers is good .
Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom .
Try to wash the food bowl and the water bowl .
Covers are also there to prevent things from getting in .
From my experience , attempts to stop cats from scratching things generally fail .
In my experience the benefits of chewing raw or smoked bones far outweigh the draw backs .
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question ...
Covers are also there to prevent things from getting in .
The answer on backward chaining was very good and I would like to suggest an augmentation to that approach .
Since cats in nature hunt at dawn and dusk , a two meals a day strategy fits best with their nature .
Most " diet " cat foods load up on carbs , which cats don 't need ( they 're carnivores ! ) .
Going by your pictures , no , you can 't combine these fish .
I have used human tuna fish cans when I have forgotten cat food for a day or so .
I 've seen on the " Dog Whisperer " that dogs can sense the anxiety that an owner has .
You could try installing a privacy film on your windows .
They don 't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house .
You might consider adding a few Assassin Snails to the tank .
As mentioned in previous answers , rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice .
As covered in the other answers , your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done .
Allergies to animals , particularly furry ones , can be across the board rather than species specific .
Drinking more water , urine smelling strongly , defecating outside the litter box - all of those signs sound like she 's sick .
I would say , unless you know it is safe for cats assume it to be poisonous .
One thing to keep in mind is to not try to comfort your pet .
The Humane Society of the United States has a few suggestions to prepare your pet .
All but one current answers talk about " forcefully " putting the animal into the carrier .
From what i know , It 's an extra way of being territorial .
John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer .
You 'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly .
Try to wash the food bowl and the water bowl .
To be honest , I think you 're asking the wrong question .
You could always close or add curtains to the windows .
Cats are hard to train , but not impossible , and a lot of is really tied to their natural interests .
In short , iceberg lettuce is mostly water with little to no nutrient value .
So the vet assumed it was some kind of infection , though she seemed a bit clueless .
I would suggest finding a compounding pharmacy and talking to someone there .
Another option : If this cat tends to be rather vocal , she may just want to have a " conversation " with you .
He is probably doing this to show his disapproval of you leaving for work everyday .
We have a Norwegian Forest Cat who often gets mats and into plenty of messes .
I had similar problems with Pounce de Leon when she was young .
Other than avoidance , there may be a few things you can do .
I believe that there isn 't an association between strings on toys and shoelaces .
I believe the current worlds record is something like 36-37 years old .
I have lots of plants and keep them all behind closed doors so none of my cats can eat them .
The first , and possibly most important , thing to look at is your tank size .
You can have Giant Gowra with any fish like Oscar , Koi carp , Angel , Giant Gowra , etc .
Science Hills now do a dry and wet food diet that is iodine-free , it 's called y / d .
A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night .
Okay , so you 've got a dog running around without a leash and one that won 't let you catch him ?
Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight .
I think what you 're encountering is called Feline Hyperesthesia Syndrome but the common name is rolling skin disease .
Regardless of floor choice , remember that they need a burrow-like " safe " area to cope with stress .
We had a cat that required daily medication , and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill .
I think Esa answered the question well and thus have awarded him the answer .
Some cats ( actually many , in my experience ) find it difficult to sit or stand still when they are being petted .
As a reminder : There are many cats who have lived long and happy lives on dry food .
Cats don 't usually like to have their paws held , touched , or anything like that .
You can 't expect your pet to keep mum if you are not with him .
At only a few inches deep , it 's still easily detected by coyotes and foxes .
Personally , I 'd be wary of leaving a dog outside alone without a physical fenced boundary .
Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank .
So called " natural " remedies are not necessarily : more effective ; or with less side effects .
This table from Cornell University lists the specific gravity of urine for dogs , cats , and large animals .
I have a cat who does this , and have heard about the behavior in other cats .
Unfortunately I 'd say no , not if you still have that much ammonia showing up .
Diet management of iodine intake for your cat is going to be very difficult with food intended for human consumption .
It is often said that " An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure " .
As far as I 'm aware of , it 's instinctual , to avoid contamination .
Concern about lung development If you are concerned about your cat 's health , you should take your cat to the veternarian .
All but one current answers talk about " forcefully " putting the animal into the carrier .
I found that " acts of God " can discourage and even teach cats from doing certain things ( e.g .
Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area .
Since we can 't know what moves inside a cat 's head , it will all be a theory only .
Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe ?
I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology .
It 's fairly clear in this case that the problem is simply a false premise .
There is something rather than nothing because the state of " nothing " is UNSTABLE .
I 'm not certain the preface paradox , as stated , holds water .
Broadly speaking , knowledge is objective truth while belief is subjective truth .
No given dictionary for a language completely describes that language .
The meaning of " cause " is very vague , it is a human term , not a scientific term .
As the t isn 't mentioned in the part of Fever ( x ) , we can push it inside .
The difference is huge , as not all non-physical things exist in minds .
Occasionalism is the position that God is the true and " efficient " cause of all that occurs .
This is a great question which calls into discussion the nature of groups at all .
This is a huge question actually and one of considerable current research .
My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up .
Thanks for your help after much searching I could not find anything .
To evaluate a rational explanation , I think it 's important to distinguish correct from rational .
First of all : this is an excellent question , and deserves a better response than I can give it .
sufficient is an upper bound , necessary is a lower bound .
If limited life span was the result of generational evolution , unlimited lifespan would have been tried and rejected .
It 's a tautology , but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong .
You can prove it indirectly as follows ( if steps ( 5 ) and ( 8 ) are acceptable to you , of course ) .
This is more on the lines of commentary on your question , rather than an answer .
The Turing test enables the examiners to see if the judges are unable to distinguish the people from the robots .
Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you 're working within .
I don 't think it 's either an appeal to logos or pathos , but rather an appeal to ethos .
( philosophy ) The system of thought holding that all phenomena can be explained in terms of natural causes and laws .
Let me question your question briefly , then reassure you , then try to answer it .
Interesting theoretical answers aside , there is no such thing as " rights " or " entitlements " -- not really .
This is not a mathematical argument , so no mathematical response is necessary .
The proof is not valid and it isn 't even true .
Although I believe Searle is mistaken , I don 't think you have found the problem .
I minored in philosophy in college and trying to get back into it after 8 years .
The experiments done by those other than Mengele on prisoners by the Germans saved more lives than they cost .
Yes , appeal to lack of evidence to the contrary has a name - > proof of burden .
I have long pondered this question specifically in reference to mathematics .
We 're paradox free because of the differing registers of both rational & irrational thinking we 're capable of .
This does not appear to be a kōan at all , but merely a story .
" Burden " is an artificial construct : a notion of a social responsibility .
Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system ?
The question heading is understandable but I found the question body confusing .
I take the Google quote to be a jab at Russia in terms of homosexuality .
I think the problem lies with the term " some concept " .
Godel 's theorem I would like to pause here to first precisely state and prove the Godel theorem properly .
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and ' knowledge ' to learn .
We do not yet know whether the brain is " understandable " in the sense that we accept now .
Yes , there does exist such a philosophical idea that radically changed the world in the twentieth century .
The question you 're asking is the main reason Kant wrote the Critique of Pure Reason .
Point # 1 - I only know a little about the Judeo-Christian-Islamic traditions that assume a moment of divine revelation .
A good argument I have seen against the existence of a God is based on Occam 's Razor .
In today 's mathematics , we have many variants of logic ( propositional , first order , higher order , fuzzy logic , etc . ) .
The answer is yes , no and maybe - the answer being dependent on whether one takes an empirical or philosophical perspective .
If you like reading you must check out Copleston 's A History of Philosophy .
I 'd argue that matter and energy are substances in the category of empirical scientific knowledge .
Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types .
No , I don 't think it is wise to see emotions and intelligence as algorithms .
As others have already mentioned , numbers are of course abstractions .
wikipedia , as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium , is not necessarily a definitive account of anything .
In " ideal " conditions , for example ( warm temperature , moist environment , bacterial presence , etc ) , mold will grow on bread .
Do we expect musicians to have contributed to the state of the art of quantity surveying in the last 20 years ?
It depends on how you describe a mathematical object , and what you call " a single " mathematical object .
I don 't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions .
Predestination : Religious arguments over predestination are useful here , along with more recent points about quantum mechanics and chaos theory .
Cicero 's Hortensius , though effectively lost to us , appears to have been an answer to this very question .
If everyone can create " meaning " based on personal preference not some philosophical idea it will amount to contradiction .
From a survival prospective , it is clearly not necessary to be happy to survive .
There is " Philosophy in the Twentieth Century " by Alfred Ayer which is quite good .
The answer is for at least this domain of problem is that prices are quantised and not continuous .
I don 't think we can say anything about this case .
Two components of just war theory come in to play when considering restrictions on liberty .
Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception .
Suppose I flip a coin and don 't look at it .
One way to think of mathematics is " the study of patterns " 1 .
A syntactic proposition can be evaluated to be correct or not semantically via truth tables .
The closest thing to the " study of naming objects " today , it seems , would be semiotics or semiology .
It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover .
The question seems to presuppose contemporary sources are the best way in to philosophy .
You 've actually ( perhaps unintentionally ) asked a controversial question in the philosophy of logic .
Anything we do based on our thinking and our emotions .
You overlook that human color experience is an overlay of the input of three color receptors .
We use zero to represent a piece of information : that is , that there is zero of some collection .
Philosophy is one of many human endeavours to find a meaning in life , and universe , and so on .
The principle of sufficient reason states that nothing is without reason , but why are there any contingent truths ?
Wikipedia does a good job of summarizing the four stages of enlightenment , which are stream-enterer , once-returner , non-returner , and arahant .
Yes , there is at least one philosophical idea that addresses the uniqueness of Existence , infinity coming out from one ( see e.g .
There is not a single " philosophical angle " on this topic .
Is it an acceptable idea that each individual carries their own model of reality in their mind ?
Modal logic is an extension of classic propositional and predicate logic that allows the use of modal operators .
My whole use of the word " dream " -- probably yours too !
I 've begun seeing Ockham 's razor as being a statement about cognition and learning , and not about the construction of reality .
The way you stated your question , I 'm not entirely clear what you are asking .
There is no reason that Human can 't create machines as powerful as themselves .
I 'd suggest that post-cold war Communism and Marxism no longer poses a threat , the Big Other is now Political Islam and / or terrorism .
For simultaneous events in different spatial locations see other replies .
This line of reasoning does contain the naturalistic fallacy : Monkeys are wild animals , and they live in the jungle .
One fixed static universal language would probably run into issues illustrated by Berry paradox and similar paradoxes .
The Gödel – Cohen result establishes the independence of CH from ZF ( with or without AC ) , not from any set theory whatsoever .
So in the Sanskrit language the time is synonym of death .
Principle of Non-Contradiction : " A proposition p and its negation ~ p cannot be true together .
Rational explanations follow from a specific set of axioms plus rules to go from step to step .
Fear is not quite a lack of control , but more a lack of knowledge .
An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod .
I am pretty new to the astrophotography scene but I have learned fairly quickly .
In answer to another question of mine , Matt Grum left a couple links that describe focus shift .
Fast Picture Viewer is $ 9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 ( I 'm using it myself ) .
There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters , such as some of the Olympus Tough models .
The wider your aperture , the smaller your focal depth will be .
One of the easiest choices is to buy brand name batteries .
It refers to the maximum f-stop ( which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter ) .
I have a horrific naming scheme that renames based on EXIF taken date and the MD5 hash of the photo .
I found that when I switched to a DSLR from a point-and-shoot digital , the quality of my photos improved dramatically .
Adobe in their wisdom decided to force you to upgrade Photoshop if you splash out on a new camera model .
I am very happy with the Phottix Plato it is a wireless solution that is cost effective .
I 'm not quite sure what you 're asking , but I 'll try and cover all the bases .
Depth of field formulas are indeed complex and nonlinear , but they still afford useful rules of thumb .
The old way of solving this problem , I mean before digital post-processing , was to apply foundation cosmetics on the model face .
From what I 've read and seen , I don 't think there is any real significant difference between 1.5 and 1.6 .
If the photo is blurred due to camera shake , you really don 't have many options .
I may be wrong , but I don 't think that what you are looking for is feasible .
Lenses are generally the most expensive part of photography equipment and likely to be kept longer than bodies .
There 's no " right " way to do this , it 's what works best for you .
In my experience , when the final production will be in sRGB , use that color profile from start to finish .
The only construction-agnostic term would be long lens to compliment the other lens classes : wideangle and normal .
If your interest is primarily the optics , you need to look at individual lenses , not brands as a whole .
+ 1 for the Black Rapid series - I have one of those myself .
There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web .
The greatest zoom range of any camera is the Canon Powershot SX30 IS .
Apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance .
You can 't remove the reflections , but you can change what gets reflected .
It will really depend on how mature your kid is .
The areas which are out of focus are blurred in a shape matching that of the lens opening .
I can 't speak directly to aquariums , however I 've done shots at zoo 's before .
Emprical Study : Extreme digital upscaling For all of the theory above , thats all it currently is ... theory .
If the histogram shows everything bunched up at one end , then have either a very dark or very light image .
I have my camera on P by default and switch to aperture priority when I care about depth of field .
In Linux I use Bibble , which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT .
Well , to use Wikipedia as well , it would appear that the options are telephoto and long focus lenses .
I 'll second dpreview , they have very comprehensive reviews and as mentioned , the side-by-side comparisons are excellent .
Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream , so you need one that is fast enough .
Apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance .
There is something particularly conceptually wrong with throwing away the stuff that comes out of your camera .
Its not linear , its a square , so if you double the distance , you need 4 times the light .
The 10-22mm lens is the perfect complimentary to the 18-55mm when it comes to nature and small room photography .
There is UFRaw , which is based on dcraw and can be integrated with GIMP .
It 's a 1 : 1 lens , so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor .
In general it is difficult to satisfy those 3 important properties at the same time : light weight , sturdiness , and cheap .
The most obvious , and most distinct , difference will be cost .
Canon 's official method is to use a gps unit with their Wireless File Transfer accessories .
The short answer is no it 's not possible to create an HDR image from a single raw file .
How about using an Apple iPad with the Camera Connection Kit accessory .
Unfortunately , there is nothing you can do that is practical .
I have the 18-55 , 50 / 1.8 and 50 / 1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D .
Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602 , which give you a lot of bang for the buck .
You can use fill light and reduced contrast to lift the shadows .
Speaking from my own experience , I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers .
A lot of the recommended sizes for different image types ( 2 : 3 , 4 : 5 ) are based on the availability / cost of printing in those sizes .
There is some discussion on Flickr here APS : Advanced Photo System .
I like the way a burning vignette produces a more realistic result as opposed to a simple " fade to black " .
It 's very hard to buy a bad point-and-shoot at the moment .
The wider your aperture , the smaller your focal depth will be .
Stabilization is primarily intended to help when your shutter speed is less than the reciprocal of your focal length .
I got my young daughter a cheap Olympus Stylus Tough 6000 .
Another advantage is that the manufacturer 's raw files are better supported by post-processing software .
A Nikon EM , sort of a point-and-shoot beginner 's SLR , that I got in high school ( way back when ... mid 80s ? ) .
Chase Jarvis is an excellent resource for pro behind-the-scenes stuff , lots of excellent material available as a podcast .
I believe that the 70-200 accepts a few specific 1.4x TCs quite well .
Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and / or appending the data in a way that could be reversed .
Another suggestion : wait until you have money to throw at the problem .
Why not stop using JPEG images and use RAW exclusively ?
Often a faster lens will be sharper even at the same aperture as a cheaper lens .
Polarizers and neutral density filters will go a long way to help this , but they are not a panacea .
For the exposure , you can try an analog light-meter , like the Gossen Lunasix .
It has to do with the sensor size - large sensors require correspondingly larger lenses .
Completely agree with Reid ... in this situation a fast prime is the way to go .
That all depends on the viewing distance , and , to a lesser degree the brand , age and speed of the film .
" Background compression " is part of how we perceive perspective in a photograph .
I 'm trying to write down a more photographer oriented answer .
Manual mode can give you more consistent metering when you 're taking several photos in a scene .
I format my card every time I stick it in my camera and start a shoot .
Only when we consider all these factors do we come up with a ' normal ' focal length value of about 50mm .
Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease , as it not only dissolves it but also binds it .
Aside from focal length , the most important thing to consider is the maximum aperture of the lens .
They aren 't better per se ; They just tend to allow greater artistic control over the result .
They 're not the cheapest , but the quality is superb , so I 'm a fan of WHCC .
I highly recommend building into your gestalt a certain bat sense about when to use bracketing .
Well part of sunset photography IS luck with the elements .
Pisca provides basic photo editing tools ( crop and colour and level adjustments ) as well as good EXIF tagging .
If I had to pick , Linhof would be my choice .
The best way to learn is to start photographing more — both for the basics and for more advanced photography .
I shoot in raw on auto-wb , and then adjust to taste in the raw processor .
There are quite a few alternatives , depending somewhat on what you 're after .
Most important : put your camera down for a while and make a snowman !
Mirror lockup is used to reduce vibrations with longer exposures .
I 'd recommend reading an article from Philip Bloom , a professional filmmaker who uses DSLRs on a daily basis .
Well as nobody has posted anything yet I thought I 'd cheekily point you in the direction of my own blog .
If you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with .
Hold your camera close to your body ... stand with your elbows bent and your arms against your sides .
There is an easy trick : " measure " for yourself : take your camera .
If you own Adobe Photoshop , you should get " The Photoshop Book for Digital Photographers " , also by Kelby .
In addition to @ Pearsonartphoto 's answer , you can use flash ( either the built-in or better yet , an extarnal ) to freeze the motion .
Pogue on the Canon s95 : http : / / pogue.blogs.nytimes.com / 2010 / 10 / 28 / a-love-letter-to-a-camera / I think he likes it .
There 's no such thing as misuse of the veto right in the Security Council .
DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution .
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described .
The largest barrier to online voting is ensuring that fraud does not occur .
There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US .
Analysing the number of representatives in various countries , that number is in no direct proportion to the countries ' population .
Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama 's healthcare law will save lives .
Even the largest corporations ( e.g. , Walmart ) are subject to competition , which is a key component of the libertarian philosophy .
As they contribute to the federal budget they do also receive help from it .
The function of the german president is almost just representative .
Congress tends to pass bills with language explicitly giving the president discretion over certain matters .
First , I think you do mean the Republican Party and not conservatism .
While the ' first-past-the-post system favours two parties , it certainly doesn 't guarantee the marginalization of third parties .
People use Great Britain , at least in my encounters , to talk about England proper ( i.e .
No , there are some that have none , but they are pretty rare .
Public sector employees can currently unionize because President John F. Kennedy signed Executive Order 10988 .
The checks and balances of the UK parliamentary system are very different from the US , but they do exist .
They are called " terrorists " because they engage in what is commongly understood to be acts of terrorism .
They are called " terrorists " because they engage in what is commongly understood to be acts of terrorism .
Side note first : I don 't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions .
This is a VICE news clip of a Ukrainian military AN-26 transport shot down a few days before MH-17 .
" Teabagger " is yet another shining example of " civil discourse " by left wingers in America .
The problem with the lobbying is that people choose their representatives to represent the interests of the voters .
The crisis is one of the biggest fact that have increased the nationalisms in the politic field .
The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an " experiment " in democratic Communism .
This answer is based on the response in the comment clarifying the question .
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems .
The 14th Amendment extends equal protection to all citizens , natural born or naturalized , so that no state can abridge their rights .
To start , the main drivers of economic growth are resources , technology , and institutions .
In an Anarchy , quarreling parties would be unrestricted to come to a lawful agreement .
In addition to all the OTHER answers , another reason is the sheer difficulty .
The original conception of the US presidency was very different than it is today .
What money are the using to pay down the debt ?
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question , which explain the seeming contradiction .
It 's a mixed / hybrid goverment , integrating elements from almost every one of the basic forms of government .
In the originally-envisioned system , Presidential electors are appointed by the states ; the states decide how those electors are chosen .
There is always " transitional authority " by virtue of the writing of regulations .
Congress does not have to currently justify the laws it passes .
The democratic election of Communist Salvador Allende in Chile in 1970 represented an " experiment " in democratic Communism .
The term Far East usually refers to East Asia , including Mongolia , China , Korea , Japan , and Southeast Asia .
Christians and muslims in Lebanon both are separated internally in their political point of view toward Syria .
During the French revolution the most radical politics were sitting on left site , the most conservative on the right .
Wikipedia has a good breakdown of the different flavors of this argument in this article .
Biology In the modern Western world , males have a lower life expectancy for two important biological reasons .
Congress tends to pass bills with language explicitly giving the president discretion over certain matters .
You are correct that the Israeli-Arab conflict has not resulted in nearly so much death as ongoing conflicts in Africa .
Many times we judge the plausibility of a theory based on it 's outcomes .
There have been several studies , most of which have found no movement in class mobility over the past several decades .
" To put it succinctly , Hamas is using its own citizens in the Gaza strip as shields .
First of all , as usual in politics , you got definition confusions galore .
This touches on a foundational question of political philosophy and international relations : peace & trade versus war & plunder .
As he 's a member of the Republican party , that 'd make him a Republican .
I think the best way address your question ( s ) is by using a legal analysis .
The U.S. Congress didn 't actually start out bicameral ; the original Articles of Confederation ( the pre-Constitution ) had a single house .
An important factor is the posture of German versus Japanese leaders .
I would like to share a link to League of Nations as an example .
The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th , 2012 and December 4th , 2011 for the Duma .
I often like to point to the workers councils of Hungary in October – December 1956 as a " pre-figurative " form of life without a state .
Let us first ask what are the implications of tactical voting ?
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled , least productive the most .
As with the definition of Palestine , the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask .
The justification is likely personal and wide ranging across the political spectrum .
Basic Income is often held up as the method to deal with widespread unemployment as a result of mass automation .
At least in the case of H1-B visas , the annual quota is typically exhausted within a week .
I wish to provide an answer with a concrete example of why funding pure mathematics is a fruitful endeavor .
All translations mistakes are mine , so don 't judge the sources based on possibly poor use of English .
Can the Fed choose not to claim securities that they are holding , that are due ?
It 's essentially a remnant from a time when the U.S. political system worked differently .
It 's not possible to be politically neutral , though one should always strive to be objective .
Total Expense 8000 After limit company has 100 workers making 10 / hour for 6 hours producing 700 units .
Ultimately , the answer is that the Archivist of the United States gets to decide what " ratified " means .
There were absolutely no articles , blogs , or studies that I could find that suggested causation at all .
Legal drinking age of 21 is quite extreme of USA , compared with legal age for having sex as little as 15 AFAIK .
The two party system is reflective of our system of voting .
( I 'll try and post a less overtly biased and editorialized answer .
One of the provisions that the US made under the Articles of Confederation was the Land Ordinance of 1785 .
As much as I 'm for honesty , such a system would probably be untenable .
Simply put , this is exactly the question that Elaine Photography is going to decide .
Liberal : using existing laws and government to do good for everyone .
Many times we judge the plausibility of a theory based on it 's outcomes .
I see only benefits of such a system without any major drawbacks in the long run .
A good example of what you are looking for is from the City & County of San Francisco .
Police aren 't omnipresent , and you can 't just instantly summon them upon demand .
They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen 's will .
In countries like India , when you have 2 / 3 of the seats of all parliament , you have absolute majority .
The first statement is largely true , and the second one is largely false .
I 'm not quite sure what the question here is , but I 'll give it a shot .
The standard terms of left and right politics originate from the seating arrangement of the French National Assembly of 1789 .
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled , least productive the most .
I think this question illustrates that a simple division of politics in left and right is an oversimplification .
The democracy is based on the principle of the freedom of expressing one 's thoughts , both individually and in groups .
How do states without Voter ID laws ensure that people are who they say they are ?
What your friend told you likely stems from comments made by our current Attorney Genrral , Eric Holder .
It 's not possible to be politically neutral , though one should always strive to be objective .
This is still a representational form of gov 't , but with a unique twist .
These terms seem to be used interchangably - by whom and where ?
Trying to look at ' all of humanity ' or ' what 's best for Germany ' aren 't useful questions .
The rights / protected classes you are talking about are equal protection issues , which fall under the 14th Amendment .
Basically Electoral institutes are responsible for conducting the polls as per the present rule and regulations .
The problem is that there 's no free dinner and someone pays for those benefits ( see http : / / www.expatica.com / de / finance _ business / tax / -Tax-saving-possibilities-for-employees-in-Germany _ 17099.html for example ) .
As Eugene suggests , try to figure out what you want to achieve .
It means nothing in the inbox is on your mind .
I 'd suggest using Gmail 's integrated task manager ( Google Tasks ) rather than labels .
Try to look at existing time management systems rather than starting from scratch and trying to reinvent the wheel .
To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts , unplug your mouse for a few days .
I 've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning .
Mostly it 's about getting over your fear of answering incorrectly .
I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question .
I purchased a timer at Bed Bath & Beyond that has three separate timers and an overall timer / clock .
Under GTD , you need to think whether that 's actually an action or a ( mini- ) project .
Buy a knee chair or one of these large balls to sit on .
Stephen Covey , although also considered a management guru , is definitely one of the most well-known and sold personal productivity authors .
With any activity that you would like to make routine , there are three things you need to know .
I get started by telling myself that I do not intend to finish whatever I 'm sitting down to work on .
I have not noticed my other family members having the same degree of sensitivity .
I have a Nook Color and I think it is GREAT ! ! ! ! ! !
I think it 's better to forget you 're an introvert or the word introvert .
One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others .
Someday / Maybe items are things that you can 't or don 't need to do right now .
Just your inbox and one other folder for holding emails until they are to be acted upon .
Note that there are many medical reasons that could be the cause of excessive sleeping and extreme fatigue .
The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning .
Your mention of the weather changes brings two thoughts to mind .
I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution .
Try Wunderlist - it 's got all of the features you 're asking .
As mentioned by other responders , it turns out that using a standing desk isn 't necessarily a perfect solution .
You should break you comfort zone , if you wanna try something new .
I don 't know if I should say this , but if your job is making you anxious .
Actually , David Allen defines a tasks as to long / complex when your can 't motivate yourself for that task .
This has to do with having discipline to do something everyday .
A nice article on flow in the workplace : http : / / www.fastcompany.com / 53713 / art-work It 's not easy , though .
If you 're reading books on programming , of course you 'll get bored !
You want the closest thing to Bento , running on Windows ( or Linux ) ... FileMaker Pro ?
Google keep is only Android and web , as far as I know .
One of the great ways when working on large tasks is to break it in manageable bits .
This may be kind of out of point but I felt you might need this advice .
Massive ulterior motive alert but this sounds perfect for Beeminder .
The Pomodoro Technique consists basically in working continuously in blocks of time , which are usually predetermined in 25 minutes .
I use one called Weave , and I found it very helpful .
I 'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation .
I recently found an app called Memonote that is definitely worth looking at .
Don 't pressurize yourself to stop the emotions immediately , be easy with them .
It takes me a while to get somethings that others get quickly .
3 years that is quite some time , but throw away everything that reminds you of her .
The language you are using appears to me to be limiting your choices .
There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this .
I may have found some weak evidence that they are negatively correlated .
I 'd recommend looking into " The First 20 Hours " by Josh Kaufman .
I 'm asking for some resources ( books , websites , etc ) or personal advice that would help me overcome this situation .
You are incorrect when you say these aren 't " important " when in reality it is important since it annoys you .
A quick research ( 1 , 2 ) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion .
From my experience the noise-cancelling headphones will not work for longer periods .
I 'm assuming you finish your share of work before starting any entertaining activity .
Definitely plan a month ahead - it 's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do .
Just do a lot of programming and you 'll pick it up over time .
I would suggest using Zotero , I created a Zotero folder " to-read " to pile up the pending papers .
This will be your cue to start the difficult part .
Sometimes you do just need to switch off and do something else .
Assistant Professor Matt Might recommends using separate devices for those activities that do not directly contribute to work .
Instead of trying to force specific answers or method 's on them .
Another alternative is to take notes on what you are reading .
I also like GTD , but the name can be a bit misleading .
Name : Santa Claus Job position : CEO of a secret NGO belived to be somewhere near North Pole .
Give yourself a time limit during which it is forbidden to do anything else .
I have to agree with pretty much all the above , but it mostly comes down to what your limits are .
Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area .
I 'm considering spending the $ 48 per month on the GTD ( Getting things done ) system advertised by David Allen .
The action that your employer is asking you to take is completely within the normal duties in your sector .
What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks .
Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb .
My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here .
As a software developer myself , I am doing this right now .
I suggest looking into the book " The Now Habit " by Neil Fiore .
You might enjoy the book Pragmatic Thinking and Learning : Refactoring Your Wetware by Andy Hunt .
13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting .
I use two methods , depending on whether the thing I 'm being tickled about is part of a project or stand-alone .
I used a Kensington Pro Mouse ( $ 120 at the time ) for about 8 years until it croaked a few months ago .
I am adding another answer as I stumbled today across a quite contrasting opinion .
I think your issue is calling out for some type of breathing exercise or meditation .
You could consider exploring what are the ways things tend to stick for you .
Make her a deal where you throw away the TV but she gets something else in return .
You 've got to find what you love - I 'm borrowing this opinion by someone who was very successful , Steve Jobs .
This reminds me the Penn & Teller episode on 12 step programs .
http : / / www.varidesk.com / There is also the hand-made / DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for .
A long term solution is to increase the interest in the subject you want to flow with .
I think it was Fiore in " The Now Habit " that talked about so-called " positive " effects that end up reinforcing procrastination .
http : / / www.topcoder.com - This is a good site to understand where we stand as developers .
Wunderlist has local programs and a web only version that also has apps available ( iOS and Android ) .
It sounds like you 're running a startup business together , although you don 't explicitly state this .
I 'm sure others will post fancier responses here , but I really think this one is pretty simple .
The Calibre eBook management application can do exactly this and more .
There 's also FreakyAlarm for iOS , which makes you solve simple logic / math problems before the alarm will turn off .
I clean as I go using this flowchart : Is it actionable ?
There are lots of specific , measurable and achievable things in life--lots of them aren 't worth doing .
I would like to hear perspectives from others on this since I 've not yet gotten around to trying it myself .
Why not just pick a regular schedule of where you 'll work , and when ?
This varies from person to person , or even through different corporate cultures / job enjoyment .
There 's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful .
I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person .
Work in the smallest of steps that allow you to make progress .
The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas ( e.g .
The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60 's , especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt .
I 've always figured she was the same thing that Head Six and Head Baltar were .
Humans in the Star Trek universe are expansionistic , not self-destructive , and breed easier than similar species .
Voldemort probably thought he was very clever , stumbling upon the Room of Requirement .
Never read the Hollows , but can answer the parts about the Dresden universe .
There was definitely a money system in the Star Trek Universe .
Mark Roger 's answer of Chronicles , Legends , and Tales is a good answer .
How close to the Ringworld was the Fleet of Worlds ?
The way I understand the history , the concept of a “ gripping hand ” did originate in The Mote in God 's Eye ( published in 1974 ) .
It 's all part of the consciousness being shared by the dreamers .
I 'd say the closest we have to that now would be a using a flywheel .
The blood is used to extend life or heal wounds .
I don 't know what level of Canon the old Rogue Squadron games were , but I remember playing the Hoth level .
It has not been revealed in the story yet , so everything is speculation .
The black dog is a portent of death in many English folk tales .
Mathematics is a very logical langage and the Vulcans speak it all the time .
With regards whole ship replication , there are notes in the Next Generation Technical Manual .
He was shot with Avada Kedavra , but he never died .
I thought , too , that she was an Angel in keeping in line with the original series .
I think the concept is that the insects trapped in amber are essentially unchanged as they are completely sealed off .
There 's no reason why the first thing that the facehugger does has to be to extend the ovipositor .
In Episode IV , Carrie Fisher pronounces Han Solo 's first name as if he were the leader of the Han Dynasty .
There was an official explanation , at the beginning of the year , that there was no Quidditch house cup .
The directional thrusters wouldn 't have to be in the rear of the ship but really that point doesn 't matter .
It is not hollow , it is round just as our world .
The Adamantium didn 't replace his bones , they just covered them .
Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time .
It 's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred .
I read a fantastic short story that sounds similar and I 've wanted to rediscover it for years .
I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources .
The Patronus Charm , according to the Harry Potter series , is a powerful spell .
Going by the Rule of Two , Vader can only become a Sith master if he strikes down the Emperor himself .
I don 't see how you can say it 's an allegory based on just those points .
Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe , I 'll try and be as succinct as possible .
For the same reason every programmer in our world is not rich .
Allen Steele 's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere , but made of hexagons , 1000 miles ( K ?
Melisandre herself admits that she makes mistakes reading the fires , interpreting the images she sees wrongly .
At 80 % of the speed of light , the time dilation is only 5 : 3 - one second on the ship is equal to 1.67 outside .
No , there is no mention of them being designed to cling on to a saucer section .
Quantum Teleportation and Molecular Replication The transporter and replicator technologies appear similar to the outside viewer .
There 's also the possibility that lower-priority messages are sent in a way more analagous to e-mail than a phone call .
Count of seven was 7 pieces of soul - this included his own chunk .
The exact timeline hasn 't been listed yet , but there are a few assumptions we can make .
In practice binary star systems can have the stars very widely spaced .
Our intrepid heroes also didn 't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit .
Portions of this book hit really close to home in our present society .
I am pretty sure it was the 1952 Omnibus of Science Fiction .
Humans in the Grid seem to age at the same rate they do outside the Grid .
It could be Pratchett , he has written stories other than those in Discworld ; one of them is Strata .
There were actually several ships of the Constitution class with numbers lower than 1700 and which were built after the Constitution .
I agree with @ apoorv020 's post , but think it could be expanded upon .
No , I don 't think there is any good reason why not .
According to the World War Z novel , the zombie digestive tract doesn 't work .
Hayao Miyazaki is known for his fairy tale styled movies .
I once did some research on this and compiled two reading order lists .
While the other answer is quite well thought out , there 's another possibility I 've been thinking about for years .
I dont know if it 's a cannon answer , but A Chemical depilatory like Nair would do the job .
I don 't recall very clearly , but I think this issue was raised in the first movie .
It 's hard to tell exactly how much time has passed from the outbreak to the start of the show .
Snow Crash was published in 1992 , but it was written well before that .
In order for Muggles to use weapons , a number of things would have to happen .
In order for Muggles to use weapons , a number of things would have to happen .
Those are a kind of symbiotic protozoa or bacteria , aren 't they ?
Most of Philip K Dick 's works aren 't hard Sci-Fi in the least .
The Empire doesn 't regard a one-man fighter as a threat , or they 'd have a tighter defense !
" Fins " on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes : solar panels or thermal radiators .
In real-world combat , most fire is used to suppress the enemy , not kill them .
I have seen all of these other than Confessions d 'un Barjo as it is French and really hard to find .
Star Wars ( at least the extended universe ) has a fairly robust set of profanity .
Whatever you do , start with Eisenhorn ( or maybe even Inquisition War ) or Gaunts Ghosts , or something else .
The short answer is that evolution couldn 't create gills in humans .
The unbalance in the force caused him to become agile and sick .
" If he could manage to stay hidden alone , he could stay hidden with his kids as well " doesn 't hold water .
To be a bit graphic , the human stomach only holds so much meat .
Wikipedia 's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject .
I 'd add The Book of the Long Sun tetralogy by Gene Wolf .
It 's a Philip K. Dick short story called The Eyes Have It .
One theory is : Caesar was born with genetic variations with more human like genes resulting in more human-like vocal cords .
For a younger reader---especially but not exclusively a young lady---consider Wee Free Men , the first of the Tiffany Achings novels .
The quality of the science is not really the question here .
Actually , Total Recall was based on book by Philip K. Dick called " We Can Remember It for You Wholesale " .
I believe Starship Troopers had FTL , but I am unclear as to how it works .
The matter-antimatter reaction is just the energy source for the work it has to do .
Brandon 's latest post about this said it will not be out before Summer 2012 , and should definitely be out by November .
The Hindmosts , I recall , were Nike , then Baedeker , then Achilles ( based on the XXX of Worlds series ) .
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her .
Fantasy stories need to go into details that real-world-based fiction doesn 't : cultures , politics , religions , biology , magic , science , technology , you name it .
It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages .
Well , it really depends on how long he was there , and the exact speed of the Fleet .
I think the shield technology is a little different than the later ellipsoid ones .
I was under the impression that , on some scenes , it was done properly .
The novel I , Jedi touches on lightsabers , their construction , and their power .
If you look closely either with eyes or sensors you can observe a disruption where the ship is .
I guess you are talking about the first movie , Alien .
I can think of one notable reboot in print fiction .
The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic .
Update - this has been bugging me for a while , I finally had to write it out .
There is no good physical hypothetical model of a lightsaber .
In the original New Hope when Luke scans the desert with his binoculars the numbers are Arabic numbers .
Yes , it 's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D / L method .
There 's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling / batting in the Super Over .
Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken .
They have not awarded a man of the series award .
Even in the modern era you could find teams playing with a sweeper .
Yes , the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area , otherwise it counts as being obstructed .
The premier league finishes on the 11th of May and the World Cup kicks off on the 12th of June .
This was at least in place when I was a child and first watching baseball games in the mid 1980 's .
You need to sprint rather than run for endurance if you 're trying to build muscle mass .
Rickie Lambert converted all of his 32 penalties for Southampton FC .
Yes , it is legal - and as someone already claimed , even required if all other players have taken theirs .
I don 't think you can get run out after the umpire signals over .
Yes , it 's possible to share the Man of the Match award between two players of the same team .
Mile for mile , running uphill requires a greater amount of physical work to be performed .
Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun !
This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal ...
We used to call " The neighborhood play " " The Phatom double " .
A right handed off spinner bowls exactly the same ball as a chinaman ( i.e .
Wide ball will earn 1 run for batting side and they will win .
Technically the play cannot end with two runners on the same base .
In 1900 , the second modern Olympic games , 22 women competed in 5 events : tennis , sailing , croquet , equestrian , and golf .
The answer is no , the Triple Lindy has never been ( successfully ) performed in real life .
ICC announced the free-hit rules on 2007 October along with some other changes in rules for limited overs cricket .
Sometimes the best team is not reflected in the win / loss ratio .
There have been quite a few studies in football / soccer discussing home field advantage .
have had a breakthrough with this trick and have landed a fair few .
In 1992 , FIFA introduced the Back-Pass rule in an attempt to speed up the game and reduce time wasting .
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer .
In the game between Albania and Switzerland in 2011 , X. Shaqiri scored the opening goal .
More likely what happened is that the shot had little to no spin on it at all .
Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement .
There is an another cricket team named Vidarbha cricket team which is also from the state of Maharashtra .
Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself , I feel your discomfort .
Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult .
I have found record of one sport that had an instant win move .
It all goes back to the beginning of the game .
Lebron haters need to forget about your biased hatred for a minute here .
As most probably you 're doing this for fun , then choose the marathons that you like .
As an umpire for cricket you are responsible for the calling of many intricate rules of the game .
I 'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture .
My answer to this question ( from years of observing the effects of playing both sports ) is both yes and no .
There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game .
Tying up the glove by itself , even with a ball inside doesn 't really aid in breaking it in .
I highly doubt it is referring to a score of a game for one reason .
This YouTube video does an excellent job covering all aspects of overhand throws .
It is fairly simple to understand , somewhat harder to referee .
I have run 8 marathons and the first 4 I did using traditional programs that involved 5 or 6 days a week of running .
Learn a golf swing that is based on sound science and mechanics .
There are several anecdotal issues we 've observed thus far , most notably the 4th timeout given to the Seattle Seahawks .
Goal.com had a table on how much refs get paid in the top leagues in Europe from around 2011 .
When I used to swim there was also a place judge and ties were decided by him .
Tackles , and in particular left tackles , tend to be the elite positions on the offensive line .
A good bet is that this is probably caused by being nervous , and you might be hyperventilating .
The majority of the time it is a better plan to draw the penalty then immediately get the 5 on three .
It is certainly 4-4-2 as almost all teams in England were using that formation back then .
Ten of the teams in the ICC Twenty20 Cricket World Cup are " seeded " teams .
For right-arm bowlers , off spinners spin from off to leg and leg spinners spin from leg to off .
Fencing is really very safe as long as you go to a real club and follow directions .
I would suspect the primary benefit is time saved in transition .
There are an awful lot of contributing reasons that the wishbone is not used more often .
This is done to show that they are a " Dead Eye " shooter from 3 point range .
From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful .
There have been quite a few studies in football / soccer discussing home field advantage .
If a player is sent off by an direct red card , he misses the next tow or more matches .
http : / / www.rungap.com / supports a whole bunch of apps including Runkeeper , Garmin and Nike + .
Have you tried using a professionally made orthotic ( not the one you buy in the store ) ?
As Tom Au stated , from a backer 's perspective , the ” strong side ” can simply be considered the side with the most receivers .
Artificial turf is now a permanent feature in the hockey world .
Don 't stress about being the best or worst player on the course .
To add to Hennish 's list , don 't bunt when you have a large lead .
Differing suits might provide a benefit , but I think that would be offset by your overall skill level .
Doosra and teesra , both these bowling techniques were invented to deceive the batsman .
This basic play was very confusing in our game yesterday : Bases loaded one out .
Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers .
That is also the recommended strategy for marathons , if you are going for time .
I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training .
its way easier in the gym to go bare foot .
The pitcher has the final decision , since he is the one throwing the pitch .
As I understand it ; the costs of technology isn 't the big issue .
According the official LAWS OF BADMINTON , set by the Badminton World Federation , chapter 14 is affected : LETS .
It depends what you mean by " losing control " and by " ideal sailing boat " .
As per the rules , MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel .
D / L or any other method is necessarily an approximation , so there will always be some strange edge cases .
The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings , no matter what the agreed length is .
Well for one , you have the advantage of not being over run in midfield .
Although headgear is allowed to be worn , it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper .
From what I recall the most penalties in one international game I saw was 5 penalties on the 4th of July , 1999 .
The official rules ( as you cite in your question ) prohibit screening .
A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating .
One additional reason would be to avoid a second yellow card turning to red and then a ban .
The shape of both is mostly to do with aerodynamics .
This might seem a stupid question , but are you breathing out when your head is underwater ?
I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half .
I 'm not familiar enough with Cricket to offer a specific , concrete solution .
In that particular situation , the Patriots were allowing the Giants to score because of 2 important reasons .
There is no appeal , and a pitch is made to Abel .
“ PRACTICING THE CORRECT ONES MAKES PERFECT . ” My 100 shots in a row last July 27 , 2014 .
2014 introduced a new rule that fundamentally changes much of the strategy behind a Formula 1 race .
This was too long for a comment , so I am posting it as a CW-answer .
A hattrick is just a fancy informal term to describe 3 wickets taken in 3 consecutive deliveries by a bowler .
There are literally hundreds of ski resorts in North America .
Generally you 're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence .
Any of the major car rental companies will allow a " One-way " rentals .
There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares .
This varies very much depending on your country of origin and your destination .
Wild camping is not allowed in Germany ; you have to go to a campsite .
Certainly there are cargo ships with berths available in the Caribbean : http : / / www.cargoshipvoyages.com / ViewAllVoyages / ? regiontoshow = 2 As an example .
I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident .
I think you 're referring to APIS - Advance Passenger Information System .
I actually asked this question a few months ago to a representative of a Cuban consulate .
Some airport only use buses for specific types of flights , often involving smaller planes .
This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland .
You can see this in the Wikipedia list or on any map with the International Date Line .
If you want the American point of view of each country then the State Department is the place to go .
I recommend you to go with a local guide instead of an international one .
I spent the month of August in a little town in northern Portugal on the coast - Praia de Mira .
The gift that to me would be most expressive of Sweden is the delahast , the little horse figurine .
Some great answers here , but sometimes the best deterrent is a little bit of clever social engineering .
When using a regular taxi make sure it 's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront .
Well since you ruled out my favourite winter city in Europe ( Paris ) I will have to recommend another .
I think it 's relatively easy to find en English-speaker in France or in Spain .
The reason you see resemblance is because its an " old " airport .
I landed in terminal 3 and flew out of terminal 1 last year .
For Travelling to Nepal , This will provides you in detail about Money exchanging .
If you didn 't study Russian for some time , you shouldn 't read the Cyrillic .
I 'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow .
You may want to consider some kind of online note-taking software , like Evernote .
The nearest Cambodian town is Stung Treng , and the border is a 90-minute speedboat or bus ride away .
Usually it 's a refuelling stop , and you just sit on the plane .
Whether or not you get a Japanese number , calling Japanese numbers from skype was totally fine , and super-cheap .
Second AC ( 2AC class ) , I won 't recommend above and below this class .
My friends used a similar system to Mark 's while travelling around Africa .
In India , a lot of plug sockets look like this they seem to accept plug types from most countries .
If you are planning on visiting / climbing Masada , it is in a convenient location close to the Dead Sea .
Well firstly , some find the whole ' toilet ' discussion mildly gross , rude or offensive - even if some don 't think so .
Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan .
This has been reduced to an art form by Paul TerHorst and his wife Vicki .
It 's pretty ridiculous that I 've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times .
I have had ear difficulties since I was a baby , and was inflicted with many earaches as a youngster .
As shown at Great Circle Mapper , Toronto to Sydney is 44 % longer via London and Singapore versus via Vancouver .
Quite some time ago I have been on a couple of such trips .
Expedia and lastminute flight searches will show you flights with stops .
Cusco : High : 70F Low : 40F This is just before the rainy season ( Dec-Mar ) and crowds are general less .
Travellers from many countries don 't face this experience due to visa-free / visa-on-arrival arrangements .
Credit Cards are a fairly safe method , when they are accepted .
I found it hard enough finding an ATM in Vancouver that would even ACCEPT my card ( or my friend 's ) .
Cabo de Gata in Almeria is a good place to get in touch with nature .
You can also book your train tickets in the Netherlands ( nshispeed ) , Belgium ( b-rail ) and France ( SNCF ) online .
I just came back from a visit to Armenia and Nagorno Karabagh .
This page collects lots of information about the total solar eclipse of 2012 .
There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city , especially in city center .
This map shows the tropical rain forest in the whole world .
If your license is in a language other than English then you should get an IDP BEFORE entering the US .
On Trip Advisor I think the highest rated in is Twizel , largest location in NZ and is Gondor .
I 've obtained several distinct work visas in Germany , all were post arrival visas .
In Europe you still need a separate SIM for every country ( unfortunately ) .
In at least western Canada the thing to do is tree planting .
Look at this : http : / / www.capewrathtrail.co.uk / You could do it in stages .
2 years ago , I got a Vodafone SIM card with a prepaid 1GB / 1 month plan and a SIM-locked 3G USB stick for 100 AUD .
Millions of smartphones and 10 's ( if not 100 's ) of thousands of Kindles / E-book readers go through airport scanners every day .
As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication , I always declare it .
adrenalin.com.au has some offers for Australia , and you have the choice between a L-39 fighter jet and a A37B ex-military jet .
I solved this problem recently by using miles to get an award ticket .
My friends , boyfriend and I are talking about going to Yellowknife , Canada .
There are 3 main alternatives that are as close to Stockholm as Romme .
Are there any current major Finnish cities where the architecture is medieval , or at least " pre modern " ( before the late 1600s ) ?
Always ask before taking a photo - unless they won 't know if you take it .
The car rental cost only for the compact was quoted as $ 789 .
You can find a list of possible pay as you go plans here : http : / / paygsimwithdata.wikia.com / wiki / Spain .
Depending on the airline , quite often members of Priority Clubs can invite a guest into the lounge with them .
I have been to LA several times and have used different kinds of transportation : car , public transport , bicycle and walking .
I 've just been to a meetup group on Saturday with Sapporo.rb .
Food Make sure to buy some food before you go .
UNESCO World Heritage Center provides a list with a map .
Naturally it depends how strict a budget you 're on as a backpacker , or flashpacker or however you define yourself .
There 's a fairly new YHA / HI on Granville which is one of the main drags right downtown .
I work in other country and annually travel to my home country .
In general , don 't be paranoid as it spoils the fun !
Roflcopter already covered a lot , I can add : Giverny which has Claude Monet 's house and gardens .
According to the CDC , they recommend MMR , DPT , polio , Hep A / B , Typhoid and Japanese encephalitis Also Malaria meds are recommended .
The answers above are not only generic , but inaccurate for Thailand .
If you like science I 'd recommend the Technorama ( Swiss Science Center ) .
I climbed Kilimanjaro a couple of weeks ago , and booked it with Gap Adventures .
Wasn 't aware of any discrimination what so ever when I traveled in Japan .
I think you 're limited to renting a car or traveling on Greyhound .
As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus .
For safety reasons , to protect your bag from scratches and liquid that could come out of other bags .
One site that lets you explore places through photography is http : / / fotons.com / .
It should go without saying that buying in the open market is a bad idea , but don 't forget Craigslist .
In France , there are no such road signs , but there are ways to organize hitchhiking .
Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America , starting and finishing in Quito .
Actually , Hostelbookers has a page dedicated just to the Top 15 Quirky and Unusual Hotels Across the Globe .
The most simple answer to this is " because they can " !
I live in a tropical country with a lot of mosquitoes in some beaches I regularly visit .
I don 't think Åre or Funäsfjällen are really so far away as to be impossible .
Just an addition to Mark Mayo 's answer , Roomorama is also a website that similar to AirBnb .
When you 're making rules like this , simplicity and objectivity are vital .
Would getting a nominative card enable me to recharge it through the website without a Dutch banking card ?
I know someone who tried to do this with a one-way ticket from Europe to the USA .
I traveled around Maharashtra ( including Mumbai ) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English .
I think it 's going to depend on what the reasons are .
The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a " simple example service " .
I 've tried many of the things mentioned above , but they never really worked for me .
I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point .
Generally , the acceptability of fan fiction depends on the original story .
With a story in first person , you are intending the reader to become much more attached to the main character .
Distinguish between losing interest in the project and merely losing interest in its current state .
Yes , it feels like natural English to me ( native English speaker ) .
To answer your question , yes , I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later .
While you are checking out courses and deciding , start a swipe file .
What has worked for me in the past is to simply concentrate on telling the story .
Like others have said , if writing is truly something you want to do , you can find time to do it .
I try to write primarily at the computer , for the sake of revision control .
The first step is to hold back your urge to write .
I think of things happening in sections of books , not at ( which implies a location ) sections of books .
Goodreads.com does that -- even better , you can get attention from as many individuals as you give out copies .
One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination .
Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again , I start skimming .
There are myriad questions on this site that already address this issue , and the consensus is always the same .
" Purple prose " is overwrought metaphors , melodramatic and clichéd phrasing , and cartoonish actions .
I guess it depends on how the blank page is overwhelming you .
I own a 64 GB Transformer Prime and I love it !
I don 't believe not knowing a character 's name would be confusing unless you make it so .
" the world is quite rich with events " -- > Are these events related to one another ?
As FoxCutter has said elsewhere , for many of us Moleskine is hard to beat .
There 's a number of movies that feature criminals that are either the protagonist or a likeable character in some way .
One of the difficulties you face is that of passing off .
I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems .
I noticed you said " movie critics " enjoy mythological references in a film , but do audiences ?
Using third person offers the benefit , that the profile can be used by other persons referring to you .
I highly recommend reading related articles / forums in one of the many Role-Playing Games Communities .
guillemets , as suggested by Lauren Ipsum , is a good option .
I 'll admit outright that it 's late and so I won 't read all of the rigorous Q & A presented here .
When I express my thoughts online ( and I have to make parenthetical statements ) I love parentheses .
Depending on your entire scenario , you have , I think , three options .
I tend to find technical books through recommendations on Hacker News .
In the last several months since this question was posted , e-books have surpassed hardback books in total sales volume .
You could go for a small Mac laptop and try finding one with AppleCare .
There 's plenty of things you can do to make a character important to the plot .
I haven 't read your story so I have no idea if it 's boring or not .
For longer pieces , especially those with figures , tables , contents , or internal references , or citations .
Reading up on the effects of various Pyschoactive drugs might help .
I have no problem with omniscient narrator viewpoint but the second example looks a little bit jerky .
Actually , this is the only situation where run-on sentences should be used ( and work better than short sentences ) .
A villain you want to take down is , at his / her core , someone who does not care about the suffering of others .
I would suggest asking someone else to read it and see if there any parts you have not made clear .
My experience has been lack of context and mystery most quickly grab my attention .
Markdown is almost certainly the way to go for simple formatting .
As mentioned above , I ended up developing my own tools and markup language to suit my needs .
Sequence a only in writing ( sometimes you have to go back and revise ) option the not writer has is .
Are some people naturally gifted in writing , which means everyone else is doomed to mediocrity ?
I know many people who started out writing fanfiction and then turned this into the basis of a professional career .
Robusto has already discussed the way that the parentheses perform specific jobs .
First Get some close friends , preferably a variety of types of people , to read it and give you feedback .
I agree with Lauren 's answer : You need highs and lows in any story .
I think this is one of those areas where the ' show don 't tell ' rule really shines .
I post a copyright notice on things I publish / blog on the Internet .
I really like the idea of a small notebook , and I 'd recommend that .
The intention of the reviewer seems to be to avoid words that may reflect personal opinion .
The recent Pulitzer winner A Visit from the Goon Squad is another example of a book like that .
The most reductionist view of a plot is : Equilibrium > Disturbance > Equilibrium .
If you want to use a subsidy publisher , I would just use common sense .
The iPad is pretty good , but I would suggest getting a USB keyboard as well .
I think the best way to remind someone is " I think my e-mail missed your attention " .
First , limit the number of people you solicit for feedback .
Take a look at the work of Robert J. Sawyer and Terry Goodkind .
I 've been using Scrivener , which is available as a free beta for NaNoWriMo participants .
At first , I thought this is a bit of a tricky question .
First thing you want to do is find a neutral beta reader .
My experience has been lack of context and mystery most quickly grab my attention .
I noticed you said " movie critics " enjoy mythological references in a film , but do audiences ?
You 've got the seeds of your answer in your edit .
You can self-publish your book as an e-book using Amazon 's Kindle Direct Publishing , and it doesn 't cost a penny .
The best way to write any novel ( or story ) is to write it as if it is a standalone .
It 's pretty readable as is ( aside from a few grammatical errors in the dialogues that may be intentional ) - not boring .
The standard initial market for a short story is a literary magazine .
http : / / www.rhymezone.com / You just type in a word , then select one of the following .
In short , this is a disagreement based on technological generations .
Eudora Welty 's One Wrtier 's Beginnings weaves together in an absolutely lovely way the story of her journey as a writer .
Austerlitz by W. G. Sebald consists of a handful of paragraphs , each of 50 or so pages .
I used to work on a project where we wrote a graphical UI to subversion for a group of artists .
If I 'm writing something in a plaintext format , like LaTeX or HTML , I 'll generally use version control .
David Weber 's The War God 's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well .
Describe first whatever will pull the reader into the scene .
I think Stephen King 's comments are helpful in this regard .
Not enough points to add to Lauren Ipsum 's answer , but I really do like Scrivener .
While an answer has already been selected , I wanted to add some further points .
When I 'm writing well , I don 't think deliberately about MRUs .
Just because a setting is made up doesn 't mean it 's fantasy .
Edit : Wikipedia knows how to explain it better than I do .
It depends on what your blog is trying to achieve .
I agree with Kate Sherwood , you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking .
Here 's a technique that can help : Identify each instance of he saw or he heard or he thought .
Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again ?
1 ) Does the story have to be from the POV of the necromancer ?
You can try a Business Writing textbook , looking through the most promising sections .
I would suggest some of the pickup artist material that has been written over the past five years .
Call me boring , but , at least for now , I only disobey the chronological order for historical-based interludes .
Rather than " deployed " : helped to launch I 've no idea what an " enterprise application " is , so perhaps that could be rephrased .
Christopher Vogler 's summary of Joseph Campbell 's Monomyth , " A Practical Guide to The Hero With a Thousand Faces " .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
each bulb is in its own path
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A , B and C are in different paths
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the terminals are not connected
Bulb B is in a separate path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Bulb C was not in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the open switch creates a gap
A and C are in the same closed path
the terminals are separated by a gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is an incomplete circuit
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
there is a complete circuit
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is an incomplete circuit
the battery is in an open path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is in an open path
the terminals are not connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
the path is not closed
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and C are in the same closed path
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A and C are in the same closed path
there is an incomplete circuit
bulbs A and B are in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no gap between the terminals
there is no gap between the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is an open path
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
there is a path containing both Z and C
bulbs A and B are in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
there is no gap between the terminals
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
there is no closed path containing the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
A and C are in different paths with the battery
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
there is no closed path containing the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
the battery is in an open path
There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A and C are not in the same path
there is an incomplete circuit
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
no path containing both the switch X and either bulb B or bulb C
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
A and C are in the same path
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a complete circuit
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
each bulb is in its own path
there is an open path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
A and C are in different paths
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
a damaged bulb creates a gap
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
There is a path containing A
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is an open path
there is a gap in the circuit
There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
the battery is in an open path
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
A and C are in different paths with the battery
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the open switch creates a gap
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no gap between the terminals
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
each bulb is in its own path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a short circuit
the terminals are not connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
each bulb is in its own path
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A and C are in the same closed path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb A burns out , there is no longer a closed path containing B , C and the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no closed path containing the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap in the circuit
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A and B have their own path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulbs A and B are in a closed path
there is an incomplete circuit
A and C are in the same path
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is a path containing both Z and C
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
A and C are in different paths
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
a damaged bulb creates a gap
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
each bulb is in its own path
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is in an open path
there is a gap in a circuit
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a complete circuit
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the open switch creates a gap
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C is in a separate path
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the battery is in an open path
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
a damaged bulb creates a gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
there is no gap between the terminals
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
the path is not closed
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the path is not closed
there is no gap between the terminals
A and C are in different paths with the battery
the terminals are not connected
A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
bulb B creates a gap
A and C are in different paths
bulbs A and B are in a closed path
the path is not closed
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a path containing both Z and C
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the path is not closed
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A and C are in the same closed path
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is no closed path containing the battery
there is no gap between the terminals
there is no closed path
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap
there is a path containing both Z and C
the open switch creates a gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there is a gap in a circuit
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
A and C are in the same closed path
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a short circuit
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is no closed path containing the battery
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in .
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and C are in different paths with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
A and C are in different paths with the battery
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
bulb B creates a gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the open switch creates a gap
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is a short circuit
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C was in no closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
A and C are not in the same path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
B and C are in the same path with the battery
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the terminals
each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb B is in a separate path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a gap in a circuit
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the open switch creates a gap
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is no closed path containing the battery
a damaged bulb creates a gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb B is in a separate path
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
A and C are in different paths
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
the battery is in an open path
There is still a closed path
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
the battery is in an open path
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is an incomplete circuit
there is a complete circuit
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the battery is in an open path
there is no closed path containing the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and C are in the same closed path
A and C are in the same path
A and C are in different paths
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the terminals are separated by a gap
a damaged bulb creates a gap
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
there is no gap between the terminals
There is still a closed path
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A and C are in the same path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
a damaged bulb creates a gap
there is a gap in a circuit
there is an incomplete circuit
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
there is no closed path containing the battery
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the terminals are not connected
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the path is not closed
there is an open path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a short circuit
there is an incomplete circuit
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is no closed path containing the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A and C are in different paths with the battery
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in .
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
the path is not closed
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is an incomplete circuit
there is no closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
the terminals are not connected
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a gap in a circuit
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z .
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is an incomplete circuit
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
there is an open path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Bulb C is in a separate path
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
a damaged bulb creates a gap
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is no closed path containing the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there is no closed path containing the battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z .
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is an incomplete circuit
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
B and C are in the same path with the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap in a circuit
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
A and B have their own path
Bulb B is in a separate path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path
B and C are in the same path with the battery
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
A and C are in the same path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A and C are in different paths
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the open switch creates a gap
there is no closed path containing the battery
A and C are in the same closed path
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
A and C are in different paths
there is an open path
each bulb is in its own path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
a damaged bulb creates a gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
A and C are in different paths
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
each bulb is in its own path
the path is not closed
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
the terminals are separated by a gap
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
the open switch creates a gap
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
A and C are in different paths with the battery
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There is still a closed path
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
A and C are in the same path
There is a path containing A
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
The terminals are in the same state .
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a short circuit
there is no gap between the terminals
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is no closed path
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
There is no closed path
there is a path containing both Z and C
there is no closed path containing the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
each bulb is in its own path
A and C are in different paths with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
there is a gap in a circuit
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the path is not closed
The terminals are in the same state .
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is no gap between the terminals
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
there is no gap between the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
the terminals are separated by a gap
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are not separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
The terminals are in the same state .
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there is a gap in a circuit
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A and C are not in the same path
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
B and C are in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a path containing both Z and C
B and C are in the same path with the battery
A , B and C are in different paths
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Bulb C is in a separate path
there is a complete circuit
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
There is no gap between them
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the terminals are not separated by a gap
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and B have their own path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
a damaged bulb creates a gap
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
the terminals are not connected
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
A and C are in the same closed path
the terminals are separated by a gap
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is a gap in a circuit
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the path is not closed
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
a damaged bulb creates a gap
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
A and C are in the same closed path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
A and C are in different paths
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the battery is in an open path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
B and C are in the same path with the battery
the path is not closed
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
the battery is in an open path
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
There is a path with B and C that does not include X
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is an incomplete circuit
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
each bulb is in its own path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
the battery is in an open path
there is a short circuit
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
there is an open path
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
there is an incomplete circuit
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A and C are in different paths with the battery
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is no closed path containing the battery
there is a path containing A , C , Z and the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
there is an incomplete circuit
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
the path is not closed
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
A and C are in the same path
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the terminals are not connected
the open switch creates a gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the terminals are not connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
A and C are in different paths with the battery
There is no closed path
B and C are in the same path with the battery
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
A and C are not in the same path
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
bulb B creates a gap
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
the battery is in an open path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
There are no closed paths
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
A and C are in the same path
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
the battery is in an open path
there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
A and C are not in the same path
there is no gap between the terminals
there is no gap between the terminals
a damaged bulb creates a gap
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a path containing A , C , Z and the battery
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
bulb B creates a gap
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
there is no closed path containing the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
the path is not closed
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is an incomplete circuit
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
A and C are in the same closed path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
A and C are in the same path
If bulb A burns out , there is no longer a closed path containing B , C and the battery
A and C are in different paths
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the terminals are separated by a gap
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a gap in a circuit
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
there is no closed path containing the battery
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
the battery is in an open path
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb B is in a separate path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is an incomplete circuit
B and C are in the same path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
B and C are in the same path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is in an open path
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
each bulb is in its own path
there is a gap in the circuit
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X .
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
A and C are in the same closed path
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap .
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
the path is not closed
bulb B creates a gap
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
B and C are in the same path with the battery
each bulb is in its own path
the battery is in an open path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A and C are in different paths
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a complete circuit
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulb B is in a separate path
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
A and C are in the same closed path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
there is an open path
bulb B creates a gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C was not in a closed path
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
each bulb is in its own path
there is a gap in a circuit
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is an open path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The terminals are in the same state .
there is no gap between the terminals
there is a short circuit
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery is in an open path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
A , B and C are in different paths
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
A and C are in the same closed path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
there is no gap between the terminals
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
a damaged bulb creates a gap
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Bulb C is in a separate path
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
the battery is in an open path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
A and C are in the same path
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is an open path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb C was not in a closed path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
The terminals are in the same state .
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
there is no gap between the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is a short circuit
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb B is in a separate path
each bulb is in its own path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb B creates a gap
there is a short circuit
the path is not closed
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulbs A and B are in a closed path
each bulb is in its own path
there is an incomplete circuit
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
there is a short circuit
bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb B creates a gap
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
the open switch creates a gap
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
A and C are in the same closed path
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
each bulb is in its own path
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A and C are in different paths
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the path is not closed
there is an incomplete circuit
a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
there is a complete circuit
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
the path is not closed
the path is not closed
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the battery is in an open path
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
B and C are in the same path with the battery
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
There is a path containing A
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is an open path
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb C is in a separate path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is an open path
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A and C are in the same closed path
the open switch creates a gap
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb .
the terminals are not connected
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
bulb B creates a gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
there is a short circuit
Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap .
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap .
there is a path containing A , C , Z and the battery
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb B is in a separate path
the battery is in an open path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is no gap between the terminals
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is no gap between the terminals
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
the battery is in an open path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is no closed path containing the battery
there is an incomplete circuit
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
There is still a closed path
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 4 has no closed paths
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
B and C are in the same path
A and C are in different paths with the battery
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z .
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path .
If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
there is a gap in a circuit
there is no closed path
Bulb C is in a separate path
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is no gap between the terminals
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
there is no gap between the terminals
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Bulb C was not in a closed path
Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a path containing A , C , Z and X
The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
each bulb is in its own path
The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery .
A and C are in different paths
there is a short circuit
there is a short circuit
A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected .
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
each bulb is in its own path
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is no closed path containing the battery
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
A and C are not in the same path with the battery
there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery
The terminals are in the same state .
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery .
Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the circuit has a closed path
The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb C is in a separate path
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery .
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is a short circuit
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined .
and that 's world wide .
hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters .
| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his " friends " don 't control is not hurting job growth ?
then there 's the fact of there being no footage and the body being buried at sea .
insignificant 20 bucks a week isn 't ?
agw has not been proven .
about the unemployment bill ?
usconservatives.about.com .
according to the ship  s project manager , the entire american effort in 66 days has skimmed off 600,000 barrels of oil .
maher : america loves its troops ' the way michael vick loves dogs ' | newsbusters.org
don 't worry about him - he 's a grown up .
for this reason they probably need to stay inside - unless they really change .
so , whom does the king stand for ?
jackie battley and newt gingrich marriage profile -- marriage of newt gingrich and jackie battley newt gingrich  s second wife dishes hard to esquire : his money woes , his philandering , his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich  s second wife dishes hard to esquire : his money woes , his philandering , his meltdown | tpmmuckraker newt gingrich - marital affairs in 1980 , newt began a relationship with a woman he met at a political fundraiser , marianne .
not srs this " plot " smells a rat .
it just caused california criminals to go to other states less stringent .
i just don 't know what to do for the best !
maher : america loves its troops ' the way michael vick loves dogs ' | newsbusters.org
so ask yourself " do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better ? " ... i
you " honored " the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead ?
he is cutting spending .
and for people who have gone through that experience life is cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to others : often , none of that seems to matter once they 've been used as means toward achieving an end desired by the machine .
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the " reactionary " forces they opposed , was just too much for me .
you call that an intelligent movement ?
do you know who shareholders are ?
5 ) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- " i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism .
it just doesn 't make sense .
i don 't know of anywhere in the us where there 's actual abject poverty .
the last time they were below 16 % was in 1950 and 1949 when they were 14.4 % and 14.5 % .
every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black .
i can no longer support them .
do you have any family who can help you out ?
claim : powell claimed that " unnamed sources " confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons .
and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities .
what are you trying to say ?
this is how the people on the right here treat truth .
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions .
maher : america loves its troops ' the way michael vick loves dogs ' | newsbusters.org
i can no longer support them .
for them , the morality or lack of it was not the question .
thanks for the heads up .
that is how it works .
for your advice guys ... my
but they did not ask for condoms .
about 80 % of them have already .
that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .
a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo , on my belly and scared .
that is what liberty is about , after all .
it just doesn 't make sense .
and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits , for example , very different from the average american .
[ quote = trajan ; 4550118 ] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since ... well ,
but that is if one is being honest .
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon / teabagger cousin 's stupidity ?
that 's what laffer was saying and that 's what you are choosing to ignore .
mushy has to be the odds on favorite .
she also told them to implement seal but they have not done this either .
you 're talking about white house press releases .
opec aren 't oil companies , braniac .
not srs this " plot " smells a rat .
who knows what has happened in the past , or what your dd has been told by others .
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
i 'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds .
if reid and pelosi had actually investigated gwb as you claim and i wished then he and many of his administration and other war criminals would now be in prison .
i know what you 're trying to do , but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait .
know what im talking about .
president obama would continue that trend .
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice .
not to mention , the meds they give you tend to make the contractions stronger and more painful .
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion .
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already ?
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions .
germany surrendered in april .
but i can also see the faces of the people i horrified ..
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .
why didn 't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled ?
moving on ... " what is limbaugh 's or beck 's " intent " when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration , ... "
i somewhat remember hearing on the news on the first ( or second ) day after his death that the compound was completed in the summer of 2010 .
i 'm not sure about any of those .
would 't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran .
this is absolutely sickening .
you 're not talking about current events .
the left is fighting for freedom of choice .
the reality is it is not anyone 's focus to actually improve the schools .
" i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government . "
i have no problem with that .
you just completed another sweater and you don 't know how to knit .
according to the ship  s project manager , the entire american effort in 66 days has skimmed off 600,000 barrels of oil .
- video shows usda official saying she didn 't give ' full force ' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post , as it will make you appear less silly .
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying , my friend .
does anyone know if this is possible ? ?
that is how it works .
any objective person can see that is what you all are doing .
i have called in sick when i wasn 't cat ... not
the entire caribbean poisoned ?
sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved .
imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article .
president obama would continue that trend .
you could kill an entire police force .
the bush administration put them back in .
they are merely retaliating to whatever our politicians throw at them !
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection .
i 'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath .
why do you think that commandment is there ?
that is how it works .
the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul .
he would drive and i would come along just in case they wanted to hire us to carry things for them .
doesn 't have the vision to " sustain " apollo ?
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices .
no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren 't ever charged in the first place .
but over the years we have sort of thrown a blanket over presidential private lives .
if not , stop talking about due process .
- ronald reagan thank you all for your input .
you 've worn the finish off your coffee table .
i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it .
my understanding of a " bubble " is a sector that is artificially propped up .. despite
quite simply because they 're pissing on the graves of those who died .
i 'm having trouble with you analogy .
your chest does not touch the walls , you just lean into the place where the walls meet .
like i said earlier , if only 10 % of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777 .
all of this is just awful .
then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing .
i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world .
further , you will stop playing baseball .
about 80 % of them have already .
3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions .
i was telephoned by a police officer who performed the indentification part of the process for the coroner then explained he would come round and take my statement .
thank you for your concern pelastration .
i 'm not a huge fan , but i have to give credit where credit is due and he 's wiping the floor with the republican field in these debates .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
it might not be even his fault .
for the first 1-2 years he hated me going out with my friends .
the last time i saw her i was 12 years old .
i am done with this thread .
the story that a soldier related to larry king about how he died is now known to be a false .
depression is when you lose yours .
any assistance would be much appreciated .
you don 't get mad , you get steamed .
also , are you a member of a church or faith ?
wtf is that all about ?
and could have quite legitimate reasons for not wishing to have any further contact with you .
they are all a bunch of spoiled kids , or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them .
being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either , yet , all of you consider yourselves americans .
that is how it works .
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn 't a cure-all for a damaged economy .
president obama is doing a bang up job .
i never got a birthday or xmas card , let alone anything else .
where did i say it did ?
people get dizzy just watching you .
man , you socialists / progressives really are lost .
perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes .
thanks for the heads up .
it looks like it can be brought under control now that it 's capped .
does anyone else find that astonishing ?
so i 'm not much help .
would 't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim , it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran .
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon / teabagger cousin 's stupidity ?
and i did get a check from my dad when he passed away .
but where were the public tea parties ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ?
all of the reasons that we left madison are catching up with us , sadly .
the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit , we 're already familiar with .
i 've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media , not he , was solely to blame .
romney : well , i don  t think he had as much as some people might have imagined .
take away their method of making money and they lose their power .
someone needs to go to jail for that one .
all you did is demonstrate your complete ignorance .
you 're not talking about current events .
he still hasn 't to this day .
those are just some of the issues .
this has never been a secular nation , ever .
maybe they don 't like race baiting ?
add into it the disruption of their financial connections .
vor : you don 't think of them as horrible , fascist brutes ?
the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling .
it really is everything .
> > > > i don 't think the government need to recognize anything as pertains to marriage .
but where were the public tea parties ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ?
the jihadists have little hope of being able to hijack any more planes so easily .
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration 's fiscal year .
we don 't have sugar cane climate here in the u.s ..
you need to take action and you need to take it now !
do you know what a forecast is ?
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
" republicans deregulated osha and the epa " osha and epa are regulatory agencies .
being a university student .
at the same time , an asian summit is being held in a tourist resort .
in syria , 90 % of the people are levantine arabs ; the rest are kurds , armenians , turkmens , etc. you say that as if " levantine arab " was some sort of cohesive ethnic group in syria .
that was a stupid question and didn 't deserve and answer ..
wtf are you babbling about ?
if she were here with you now do you think she would want you to be so very unhappy ?
what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men ?
is a bank going to invest in a community that has been wiped out ?
but where were the public tea parties ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ?
if you doubt it , just look at the ideologues they put on the thing .
every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people .
your husband sounds lovely , lean on him .
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
the people have a right to know ! "
there was no surplus .
explain to me , in detail , and using the small words you can understand , how that is not an example of a self made man .
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason .
the problem is us , through and through .
i don 't mean to be dense , but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are ?
what about javier solana ?
that is the entire case .
friends often say i 'm lazy , and i can 't disagree a lot of the time .
sue them and try to get some money out of them .
the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor .
i just remember tumbling down .
i 'm not talking about this year , maggie .
ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04 , 2012 around 06 : 06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black .
you want to come back as a coffee mug in your next life .
sent him a text asking him to let me know he was ok , no reply .
what makes you think they are our equal now or anytime in the forseeable future ?
actually social security does have something to do with marriage in the way it ( ss ) is administered .
he was made redundant just before he moved to the states so he would have received a lump sum from them ( plus extra money for having two children ) .
he 's not ranting against the troops .
1984 founds the national rainbow coalition .
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration 's fiscal year .
how they can claim the father of the soldier is a public figure is absurd .
the gravy train really is all out of gravy .
point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending .
wish i could stop thinking this way .
sadly , by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states .
and the hunter said , " shoot up here amongst us .
still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game ?
why would walker 's cronies reject an offer to order the " sleeping protesters " out of the capitol ?
however , an article i read in the most recent edition of reason magazine seems to paint a more realistic picture .
every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people .
your comparison of the bush years with the clinton years is a joke .
sue them and try to get some money out of them .
that is the entire case .
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason .
the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection .
in the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government .
he lauded the improvements achieved [ in the past ] nine years [ .. ] ,
there 's not even an investigation .
and thats about it - dont know more than that .
wtf is that all about ?
don 't want to read and run but i don 't know what to say .
man , you socialists / progressives really are lost .
at our center , the director is the last one out the door .
the gravy train really is all out of gravy .
i am no bleeding heart - well , i am - but it bleeds for both sides , actually .
how old is that program ?
this is what we all feared was going on anyway .
i do see what you are saying tho.there
the japanese had several negotiated settlements on the table .
in that case paypal refused to unfreeze the account and also refused to transfer the money to the red cross because of a business deal it had made with united way .
and you have a problem with this ?
insurance with one that offers it or take insurance with one thayt doesnt .
the old man was a strange enigma .
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war , with out them we would have been forced to invade them .
we once got home just as it got too dark to see without a flashlight .
are the " sheep " really buying into this ?
you are a dishonest and mindless hack ...
mass media are a good mirror to show how much a life is worth or worthless for them in different parts of the world .
they should just amend the house rules ... stop
do you have to go back to roosevelt ?
i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible .
how is that possible ?
wtf are you talking about ?
one would think they would run with the story , but they haven 't .
i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it .
they might be hiding him or something , in which case what is the problem ?
you must have seen zona 's post on the other thread .
i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .
are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon / teabagger bs ?
in the 60s i went to the east coast because that is where the power center is located .
friend has the nerve to tell him to " man up " .
doesn 't matter , that will just be obama 's fault as well .
sorry for your loss , this could be handy .
here is yet another reason why we should also get out of afghanistan and cut our losses .
i also remember the carpeting in that house , as light blue , though my mother says it was light green .
florsheim 's women shoe stores were called thayer mcneil .
i wanted to be free to tell someone to go to hell .
any help would be much appreciated .
i haven 't found the nerve to ask my aunt about it .
you haven 't answered that yet .
what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men ?
something rather strange happened last night .
the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president .
misrepresented stelow 's position so i 'm replacing it with : you answer the door before people knock .
there are some things you don 't need to be told since they are so bleeding obvious ?
there has to be a present risk of harm , editec .
that would be me for 40 + years ( except for the feet first part ) .
i went out & found new friends .
to the bitter end , the official position of the clinton administration was that it couldn 't say for sure who was responsible for the cole attack .
actually , the whole " contraception " drum is being pounded by the liberals in an attempt at gotcha politics .
i 've never seen any other child kept after school .
this is the wrong thread for this .
it 's not the catastrophe that was reported and fishing boats are heading back out .
i tried to call and there was no answer .
you say you like the plan to abolish czars .
i 've seen some debates where krugman 's opponent had him practically in tears .
the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president .
when i got to our bedroom i noticed oh 's safe which is screwed to the wall at the bottom of our wardrobe was missing .
7 comments weigh in corrections ?
in fact , it is about as possible as affording cobra .
i 'm so sorry to hear of your losses , mos and bogof .
this is what we all feared was going on anyway .
of course they are because without the " expansion " they have no argument .
but in the case of the park 51 mosque , he seems to do a complete backflip .
their point is that the embryo is a human being and is therefore subject to all the rights and protections of the constitution .
ya think he wanted to hire new people ?
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying , my friend .
so that is the end of that .
how did you get in the camp ?
other parts of the study 's methodology is flawed .
i put the words they probably said ...
in fact , watching fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you are claiming .
i don 't think most brits want to start at the bottom and do tedious low paid jobs before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder .
seeing g go was a real eye opener .
if the death was a sham , then this wouldn 't be the first time governmetns have used propaganda stories for their benefit ..
but the death penalty bill was passed after the fact and so manson and his gang will have the luxury of living in prison till they die .
i know i don 't want to be in this relationship .
but don 't demand your fellow citizens pay for your own mistakes or problems with banks .
it does not matter what your sexual preference 's are .
for the first time the government 's agenda from outsourcing the writing up of patients notes to south africa to asking district nurses to make a " business case " for helping patients has angered everybody in the profession .
when they post the 2010 numbers , that will be obama 's .
perhaps they are starting to realize that the president isn 't a cure-all for a damaged economy .
that is what the founders of the movement intended .
i have other priorities .
i don 't think a " national " minimum wage makes any sense , since the purchasing power varies wildly from state to state .
at our center , the director is the last one out the door .
and he spent his money on things he cared about .
he 's brought dignity back to the office .
also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage .
basically it 's a kind of incitment to riot and it ought to be illegal .
kind of like america , i guess .
she does excellent work in the middel east .
but our parents said " oh no , it was an accident " .
i think you 're missing the entire point .
you name your cats " cream " and " sugar . "
however , i went to see them to review his iep and they said he has huge concentration issues ( amongst other things ) and they cannot get him to sit and write more than 3 lines .
we are the home of tesla motors that only the " sean penns " of the world can afford .
it has now been lifted .
the lie that japan was ready to surrender is revisionist history .
the dialogue from the movie in your head .
you are not married to him - you are still living at home .
i am not a fan of autobiographies because they contain so much information i don 't care about .
like the " housing " bubble at the beginning of the bush administration .
i think you 're missing the entire point .
how about when the bush administration broke the law and engaged in warrantless wiretaps .
it is all about the entitlements .
others have the right to their opinions as always , we don 't have to agree , and there 's little chance we ever will agree .
we have traffic laws that exist for no reason other than to fine motorists .
hopefully you have been declaring this income to the taxman ?
me : i 'm getting married ! ! !
governments exist for a reason .
hell , i didn 't even mention the fact that rich people can afford better legal counsel .
am i missing something here ?
the tories have picked up 92 seats but the swing is not enough to give them an overall majority .
he is 5 and in year 1 .
and that 's the truth .
i mean , being a history student ..
so we wanted to be alike .
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
you just have to think what you want , it may seem tough on others .
i tried on several occasions to get written replies but they were never forthcoming .
2 ) so you are saying that it wasn 't worth it if it went over a certain cost .
not the same as the estate tax at all .
they never get presidential attendence do they ?
debt slavery here 's a hint .
i would still say that evolution is for a species or population as individuals can 't and don 't evolve .
he was sentenced to life at age 14 but it has been overturned .
it was a long summer .
i have also just realised my wife is now in the exact same situation .
no one really wants to talk about anythiing else .
i come back home to my family .
but over the years we have sort of thrown a blanket over presidential private lives .
this is starting to sound like a mantra .
isnt the point of treatment to make the patient feel better ?
but when i went the first time .
it is all a criminal enterprise .
for your advice guys ... my
but there is nothing that you are willing to do that will rectify the problem .
even though you cannot name a single murder carried out in their name ?
does anyone know if this is possible ? ?
the world 's largest oil skimmer has sat immobile for weeks on end as the bp oil leak gushed .
most christians do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin .
they 're pretty inexpensive .
this is england , we are a 3rd world dumping ground for some reason ..
if we could only learn from our mistakes !
mostly because i am not defending the democrats in congress .
i always thought the house had to be sold before you could divorce .
it would probably be at least as true to say that those who work the hardest are paid the least .
it is a great thing to do .
made good on his campaign promises which ones ?
i 'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available .
ah ... so the god with the most believers wins ?
but what i 'd have gone for in your situation would be a registry office wedding with two witnesses and a party in the evening .
the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted .
the whole world was astonished and followed the beast .
things will get better .
get your head out of ron paul 's ass , will ya please .
for them , and for the country .
that 's nothing new in iraq .
and what happened to that lie you were going to cite in cristol 's book ?
a conventional strike on iran is going to raise massive geopolitical consequences too .
i think you 're missing the entire point .
the usda and the naacp should have verified the story before they jumped the gun and threw ms sherrod under the bus .
some of us go with fact , you prefer fiction .
denial is not just a river in egypt .
the rest of your post is opinion .
if you don 't agree , refute it .
but the nightmare scenario is having him alive and in detention , awaiting trial .
and if the population of the us had risen by the same percentage , that would also explain the increase in the number of people in prision .
didnt need it in the past and it does not need it now .
continued pt three times a week .
granted we never took baths together .
just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law ?
many kids are born in sterile hospital rooms and then everyone just leaves them alone and lets them die .
we had been " bombing them into submission for four years under johnson , the problem was we were bombing the wrong things .
i was in my prime throughout the fight .
she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email .
fundamentally , i think it squicked everyone out to the point they wanted the story over .
inherited that when his father died .
start overpaying as an option also .
so haven 't bothered for a while .
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war , with out them we would have been forced to invade them .
i don 't even know if they will know if he has passed away or not ..
there are a few other early memories , but i can 't date them .
now everyone knows that nsa stands for no such agency .
and i can 't say the gop would be any different if they get in .
i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school .
the attorney for the church is the daughter of the nut case pastor .
you can read about the case below .
i don 't know about that .
thanks for thinking of me , but i don 't have the desire to appear on his show .
the lawmakers choice to bail out the banks is an entirely separate issue of accountability .
your comparison of the bush years with the clinton years is a joke .
then you birds got nuttin to worry about ..
i have no remembrance of the speeches made before jfk 's grave that day .
i don 't know what is wrong with repubs anymore .
and come to think of it , in recent times too .
is what bp should tell them ?
to the op and those that seem to be in agreement with it 's bogus implication ...
hth nicky why are you wasting your life on this viscious , useless waste of space ?
then they are talking money out of something else .
my family has been told by state department ( today ) that there is no evacuation order in place , and that there is nothing we can do but wait .
but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declared a state of emergency to put down violent protests here by red-shirted opponents , who sought his resignation , the shock waves are still rippling through a polarized , shaken nation .
why do you hate america so much ?
i have other priorities .
the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december , but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect .
don 't you follow , and want our laws to follow all of leviticus ?
i need to set these things correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex 's sanity hearing .
i looked him in the eyes and said that these young me did what they had to do , they should have no regrets or feel bad and it should have been done sooner .
quote : the existence of 2 ( presumably ) youngish children would suggest that the marriage is not the cold and unrewarding one the husband would have you believe .
and they are the problem , simply because they cause a demand on other people 's resources .
and what do you know , receipts stayed about the same .
i thought they were very pretty and elegant .
every true monopoly that has ever existed has been government enforced .
tilman was an athiest and a patriot .
why do you hate people that work in their own home ?
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying , my friend .
it 's so stupid because i will still have to have it done and she won 't be there .
what about javier solana ?
i am talking about the iraq before and during the gulf war .
or , they ( male and female ) are nuts .
in the absence of proof using links with facts , your post is opinion .
if that is the case then i understand and agree , it 's just the way the article is written it sounds as if the police officer is doing a lot of the work , and it 's in america so different laws to here .
but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive .
the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam .
the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one .
to my dismay , i am having to change my car to suit the roads .
for me ups on large dish orders works good .
has nothing to do with wealth ... just
unfortunately , i can 't bury my head in the sand .
if that ain 't enigmatic , what is ?
just stating my mind .
he was my first serious boyfriend , he 'd been with somebody for 2 years before me .
the reason we do the sidewalk test is so that you can feel the difference from carpet to cement .
as part of the process , fine .
however , i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit .
it is time to sweep newt into the dustbin .
i thought they were very pretty and elegant .
but , since you are taking it seriously , the least you could do is be honest with yourself .
you 're hearing only what you want to hear and imagining the rest .
but , i don 't know the outcomes or if it really had any effect .
or does anyone know any way i could help it ?
two atomic bombs and the soviet invasion ended the war with very little casualties to americans .
seems there isn 't a whole lot of disagreement with this decision after all .
i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .
cops above the law and criminals glorified over law abiding citizens .
april / may / june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro , north carolina .
but i think it would take a pretty damn big nuke to change the straight .
and for them to make a meal ?
this september i left home , and started at university .
i was really surprised at how much it actually helped to alleviate the discomfort and pain .
do you think the russians can be trusted to let us hitch a ride to the space station or allow us to fix our communications satellites .
do not pay attention to the evidence !
the teacher was a bit surprised .
eisenhower and summersby is ignored again because it is pointless and squicky .
why are even here on an environment form ?
i don 't believe most progressives even understand the difference between the state and federal government .
i really just dont know what to do or think anymore .
my sister is two years younger than i am , and i remember the day she came home from the hospital .
they are just doing another day at work .
they told me they are not regulated by the fsa ( although i have emailed the fsa to check this ) .
beyond the immediate shock , i was made to feel like a complete a $ $ hole , but that 's besides the point .
came home , and the basement door had been kicked in .
when my dad died , i got five copies , and could have done with a couple more .
hun - you dont like this person .
those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue .
anyone thinking our government is not run by money , is a fool .
i simply don 't get why iran is such a huge threat .
unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand .
the only thing that is important is the child .
if not get the hell out of there .
fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit .
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5 / 1 to 9 / 4 .
i can 't see his death reducing the scale of the ' war on terror ' ..
ds said they were played a tune on the piano and had to him it back .
@ edgarblythe , one of the most fiery ( and dangerous ) people i 've known absolutely laid down when death was coming .
and the new government often pays attention to improving the lot of its citizens , at least for a while .
she then said she could not give me their number .
some institutions are self insured because they make enough profit to cover the liabilities .
nope , as i have said before we haven 't been up to much of that .
they were reserved for adults .
i suppose it 's against the rules for democrats to question these things ... i
seeing g go was a real eye opener .
can you relate to me how that is , exactly ?
in addition , they covered the lodge with materials that didn 't allow for decent air flow .
if not forget what i said .
they didn 't even have a train station ...
two years on , she sorted out her problems and is now so happy .
i don 't think that anyone has " killed it " in the debates .
she actually asked me if i had a can of pumpkin for back up .
i wouldn 't say it 's racist , just insular great thread .
it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways ... and
there has to be a present risk of harm , editec .
the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me .
laws should be for everyone .
but the situation that led to the war was the result of western nations dividing and using that land to their own ends .
everyone in the real world thought she was lying through her teeth ...
it worked in the snyder case .
if so i 'd try and get the same sort of flowers hi , so sorry for your loss .
you will find you are treated with great respect with that typoe of approach .
i also adored to listen to my grandpa 's wwii stories .
thus meaning , there would be no investigation , no folow up and of course , no crime ref no for the insurance company .
either way makes as much sense as the other .
they are also part of the british commonwealth - see what it did for them .
until i know the facts i won 't make a decision .
so feeding these people now so ten times as many suffer in the future is more kind and humane ?
my first blog post being directed towards the current rioting in the uk , as you may have guessed by now .
another uncle works at the janesville plant currently .
i can hear the desperation in your words .
but look at the other side .
we must perform superior customer service for all of them .
and the points of light foundation continues to help the nation find opportunities for people to serve one another .
but there is " outside the box " , which is where you are .
it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier .
are you just in denial ?
my marriage has finally ended after 20 years .
top of the food chain .
that is the real purpose behind so-called " free trade . "
looks like pat robertson is now concerned about global warming , and taking it seriously .
i didn 't realize the casualties were that high this year .
police are convinced that there are people who know something , but no one has come forward with any information .
i wanted to be free to tell someone to go to hell .
why did they lose their entire life ?
* laughs * thankies for the link !
warning - some info might be tmi .
the courts will have a difficult time deciding this one .
and that 's a tall order .
the bf put boxes in the crate to make it smaller .
i really do hope more americans turn to god in the future .
then i found others that countered what she said .
is there anything at all that might have caused this you think ?
hey , they sell them at a store near me , osso ...
and that was certainly a motivator for me to work my way up the career ladder of my profession .
i think watergate is a prefect example of what i am asking about .
blaming politicians , pundits and internet speech is not the answer here .
then i found others that countered what she said .
i appreciate the chance to read the reasoning behind other viewpoints .
if the death was a sham , then this wouldn 't be the first time governmetns have used propaganda stories for their benefit ..
the loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car .
it is a national campaign that wants people to stop snitchin ' on people who commit crimes .
she started out with shit pay .. long
i agree with there goes trouble .
if i may say ... sounds
they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term .
all done in the arrogant self belief that they know best . "
got close to 19 % of the popular vote , and finished in third place despite having withdrawn from the race .
we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don 't know what the correct protocol is .
replace them with your own .
partisans cheer the subversion of the law because " their team " got away with it , and they care only about their party , not justice .
what have they done to deserve this ?
these people are not better than you , don 't see them as scary .
where did i say it did ?
turning american against american is just wrong .
her : your brother 's in the hospital and he 's not going to last the night .
evidently , the french made a big deal about getting rid of veils in algeria as part of their colonization efforts .
if i were you , i 'd be embarassed to voice your ignorance in public .
i buy food in that we all like and she uses it or goes to the shop to buy with her own money what she does like .
but when it came to what i questioned ?
the last time i saw her i was 12 years old .
i always enjoyed this right on the money tsm .
the protests are not going to end .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
you will cease playing american football .
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = supporting terrorists .
even though the people who run camp take notice are aware of what went down , they decided to take no action on it .
this won 't be the last rise in tuition fees .
you get a speeding ticket even when you 're parked .
at least that 's what studies show .
the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously .
the entire caribbean poisoned ?
does she not have her annual state pension notification ?
then , the bubble bursts and we have to assign accountability .
hun , i wouldnt have said ' nothing much just childish stuff ' in relation to this .
i guess i was obscure in the idea , clear in my own mind , that some shoes could be a poor choice for people with certain kinds of foot pronation .
often but i have done it .
surely this is entrapment ? he didn 't actually do anything because they basically lead him into the situation ?
so it is a society with a very male testosterone-rich style .
the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen .
i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy .
i wouldn  t be able to change to a buy to let mortgage .
i 'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available .
then they are talking money out of something else .
so we have to think for them .
do you know what a forecast is ?
i didn 't realize the casualties were that high this year .
the gop is fighting on the basis of religious institutions .
this is totally unacceptable !
his mother wouldn 't allow it , she wanted to have it at her house , which was fine .
your chest does not touch the walls , you just lean into the place where the walls meet .
know what im talking about .
the entitlement gravy train is off the tracks and out of gravy .
and definitely didn 't want to go into a nursing home .
she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there .
she also knew they were lying when they told her they would bring her home on her birthday .
then i found others that countered what she said .
if you did , you wouldn 't be posting the past yuck of unregulation of mining .
i tried on several occasions to get written replies but they were never forthcoming .
let 's hope the frogs do the right thing .
it certainly does present some ethical problems .
they are killing themselves as a politcal force .
as a bank manager , you would expect him to have made a will but people are strange and he may not have done .
he 's been selected for the 2nd year running to go to a ' workshop ' day at the local secondary school which specialises in science .
there are 364 other days a year to protest the war and the lack of respect shown does not reflect well on our local peaceniks .
she had to get her masters .
i suppose it 's against the rules for democrats to question these things ... i
it certainly does present some ethical problems .
they are just now in the middle of a trial and even though they do have some witnesses against the police officers there are a lot more that still are not talking .
but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive .
gypsies were not dragged in , but they were enslaved by the local lords anyway , for they were nomads and had no status .
if he had been like you those papers would have been dead by now and no one would have heard of murdoch .
waiting in an outer hall , i stood to the side as my boss conversed with someone .
he promised her the world , and on the basis of this , she had his baby .
and it didnt bother me .
i thought the arab league and un had just asked us to implement a no fly zone .
no point in shutting the door after the horse has bolted .
i haven 't found the nerve to ask my aunt about it .
in the end we are all the same and we return to worm food !
i can 't help thinking that she 's a golddigger .
because i think what she suffered was a form of patriarchy .
that was a stupid question and didn 't deserve and answer ..
education demand is false .
i don 't mean for president ; i mean out of the country .
they didn 't appear so noble to us then .
it is a great thing to do .
i just wanted to say that in my experience the fear of the unknown is the worst thing .
“ i think palin handled it fine , ” giuliani says .
i think this old guy is scared of dying without the recognition that he killed some ppl and trying to make history .
i am wary about doing this as i am unable to find the letter that agreed to me letting out my flat .
ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100 / 1 to 25 / 1 following a rush of bets .
she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there .
you think they 're bluffing about that ?
it would be good to hear the stories , you know - good to get to understand what the world is about .
and you have a problem with this ?
in 1976 when carter signed the amnesty for those that went to canada my father tells me that he knows my stance in the past but now i should be mad as hell .
unfortunatly , florists really rack up the prices for funerals .
he told the the administration what they wanted to hear .
when i have more time ( tomorrow ) , i will provide the sources for all of this information .
mostly because i am not defending the democrats in congress .
i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible .
either he has the facts right or he doesn 't .
my mum had a go at me about curtains a few weeks back.this
based on the historical record , that recovery was imminent , within a couple of months or so .
and the hunter said , " shoot up here amongst us .
if you wanted a parade or a traditional memorial day ceremony there were plenty to go to .
the second option would greatly slow the legislative process .
i just read about this story .
which is fairly damning , since it 's one of the longest running programs in the country .
i think you need to look at the valuation of your home year over year .
this is of course , upsetting .
i feel you are a good man , i truly like you .
sometime rights come into conflict and they need to be resolved .
you haven 't answered that yet .
that lasted about six months until i found myself for the first time out of composure , calm , and ideas in the air .
then , that there was nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gases .
i hope it works out in the end ...
i have some good news !
is there any property involved ?
marriage is a creation of the state ...
as part of the process , fine .
after camping and coming home we searched high and low and could not find them .
please stop treating your supposition and conjecture as fact .
i left the site determined to still love the man he once was to me and so i continue to listen to his records to this day .
also , assuming the whole thing is a sham ..
that was also about a blow job , of course .
now , i 've actually read the responses , and also agree with dlowan .
i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright .
i take it you did not hear the racist motherfuckers applauding during her story , all the while not knowing what she had to say at the end only six percent of posters will read that entire article .
who 's got a better one ?
many times i can see the faces of the people i helped .
no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren 't ever charged in the first place .
most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy .
ah well , at least it proves that we don 't agree with corporal punishment .
i didn 't quite understand why my cousin wasn 't like me and he didn 't understand it either .
the problem is , that i don 't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out .
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions .
its not going to effect the world one bit .
i didn 't quite understand why my cousin wasn 't like me and he didn 't understand it either .
any advice would be more than welcome .
what a bloody disgrace of a situation .
it would only jeopardize iran infrastructure more and land lock them ..
the guy is easy to like and respect , except if you are not of an open mind .
the rest of the world knows the same .
we went camping and put them together in the car .
you 'd have to be able to think on your own .
there were dropped to intimidate russia .
these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons ..
the police squad rode bicycles alongside the car .
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .
neocons have been mistaking the elephant 's shit for the elephant .
yet they kick the uk out the embassy ...
as thomas correctly pointed out , a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case .
people need to keep campaigning , keep visibilty and portray a positive image of the lgbt community .
the airport seems safe .
he is the least pc of them all , thus far , and in my opinion .
mr. abhisit , who took power in december after a court disbanded three parties in the previous coalition government , has promised to hold elections , once political reforms are concluded .
president obama has already in * creased this spending by 20 percent .
i believe that the president has too much ego to allow himself to be a total puppet , though there is an element of that .
or is fox news your only source of information ?
that 's not the right way to go .
they all are / were on some level .
when she came to bahrain a year ago the demonstrations started , i was working , and she was stuck in the house almost the entire time .
and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone , any time with anyone .
and it got there without any of the vitriol of the ows .
further , the former director of nasa might disagree with that assertion as well .
there is hope in iraq .
prior to these events , she was healthy enough and not bedridden or in a wheelchair .
it might not seem like it right now but they really will .
often but i have done it .
the problem is that she sure reveled in riling up the crowd with her story of ' sticking it to this white farmer ' ...
that 's the bread and butter of " entrepreneurialism " !
i closed it , noticed it was a bit stiff to close and started cleaning the house as i do every thurs night .
i feel much better now , had to stay in hospital 2 days longer due to infection and having a drain but a month later i could eat a lot more food and felt physically better .
she has said that the club has helped her with the grieving as she has so many friends there .
obviously i feel there is more to it than that .
q + a - where is political unrest in thailand heading ?
among others , have unfortunately severely damaged the credibility of the true researchers .
that is not happening today and , frankly , i do not see it happening in the near future .
anyway some blacks were telling us we couldn 't sit there , whites had to sit up front .
2.if he is not staying her overnight he tells me .
at our center , the director is the last one out the door .
well at least it would have made the newspapers look more interesting ...
the jury verdict must stand .
how poor can they be ?
can anyone shed some light for me on where i go from here .
dont get me wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he does do , i certainly do and always make him aware of it but again he never bothers for me just expects it !
some politicians are now just preying on human weakness .
i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school .
i saw this as just another fox flunkie pushing the " class warfare " line that 's heard from the neocon / teabagger pundits in the media .
i have my own business but work as all but dried up ... to
before christmas he tried to push her down a large flight of stone steps twice , he has punched her on more than one occassion .
can you relate to me how that is , exactly ?
so what 's our claim to fame now ?
that 's you lost in the last sentence !
i think californias might have shown that there is a lot of support for this research .
i believe this to be a case of apples and oranges .
all the sanctions is affecting ordinary iranians !
i know in my heart that its silly and im thinking like a child .
we could go tit for tat over and over .
what in god 's name is going on with the federal government ?
my sister is two years younger than i am , and i remember the day she came home from the hospital .
i still hurt the poor guy .
i could definitely support that as a non proliferation treaty .
that 's an interesting side issue that may be addressed .
the words that made sense to you .
the whole country is a toxic cesspool of pollution .
his veto pen was the mightiest presidential kung fu in our history .
to reduce costs last year , the district closed almost half the schools in the city .
fox news was still the last one to catch on with coverage after the big 3 started coverage .
edit : in which case he wouldn 't be lying .
determining the law and instructing the jury in that law is what the judge is for .
i hope it works out in the end ...
the electoral commission has ordered an inquiry .
i think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old .
eventually got him about 6am and he said he was in his mates house .
fleet air wing six and miramar imply very different backgrounds .
do not pay attention to the evidence !
i 'm having trouble with you analogy .
i then took a picture of him eating it and emailed it round and said he has stole it as a joke .
 president bush increased federal education spending 58 percent faster than inflation .
the nba is a classic example of a government enforced monopoly .
i know that bothers you socialists / progressives , but that 's the way it is .
sorry if this sounds silly , but it 's the first thing that sprung to my mind when i read how you wanted to ring her .
problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come .
i went out & found new friends .
so go ahead and process that for a while .
in that speech he claimed the murder rate in flint michigan had more than doubled already .
2 ) so you are saying that it wasn 't worth it if it went over a certain cost .
she used to go with my grandad but sadly he passed away in may this year .
neithe of those things is true .
it just encourages the loons .
the " bud " was just a stolen name and address .
newt has admitted to most of what you would deny .
fleet air wing six and miramar imply very different backgrounds .
and none of these people ever suspected that the girl was being abused ?
there is strong demand for us education .
my boss and i fell in at the end .
or do i say something to him / her ? ? ?
it is not selfish of me to think that is it ?
why all the lying about this on your part ?
why don 't you do it for yourself ?
either he was really being vague on purpose in his testimony , he 's lying now , or he was lying on the stand .
and you are wrong about americans ' attitudes towards tax hikes .
what got that young man killed was racist views and a demented man with a chip on his shoulder .
he added that nato sent a delegation to meet with local leaders and investigate the incident .
pirates of the seas know they can 't ' eff around with americans or any of their properties .
that 's not the right way to go .
i rang this evening and there were no records or her call on my account .
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them .
their gdp per capita is much lower and the vulnerable are ignored by the government .
what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation .
they didn 't even have a train station ...
it seems that no one ever really cared about what was happening in sudan .
one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse .
obama wined and dined .
sure enough , brazile was instrumental in not letting a couple of white boys - named al and joe - win the election .
i say abolish them all .
i take my reputation seriously .
we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don 't know what the correct protocol is .
do you know what a forecast is ?
here it 's not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 weeks .
in south afghanistan , nato said two coalition service member were killed , one on friday and another on saturday .
" she 's not sitting here " he said .
we are at war with al-qaida .
makes me feel all festive .
and you smell like a sock .
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war , with out them we would have been forced to invade them .
but a large proportion remained loyal to ghaddafi and decided to fight for what they thought was right .
it makes more sense that islamic extremists are trying to kill two birds with one stone .
and encourage me to do so . )
that means that today , there are 12.5 times as many people in prison then just 40 years ago .
this is war and people die in wars .
you forget to unwrap candy bars before eating them .
there is a good future and you will recover .
the whole family are lawyers .
don 't you know that this is just a piece of grandstanding nonsense ?
iirc , the sign was erected early on , but was removed as being too obvious .
the conventional view is that the us and ussr fought it out in the body of vietnam .
so , i guess that 's it .
what in god 's name is going on with the federal government ?
@ dlowan , " for centuries the chinese used an ancient curse : ' may you live in interesting times ! '
i 'll toss this into the pot .
police name suspect in murder of nj police officer - foxnews.com
they report that there are no planes coming in or out , and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport .
she told me of her son , then in vietnam , and her wish to bring him home .
that you have to deal with this crap after serving is absolutely disgusting .
hello i was wondering if anyone has been having problems with paying for childcare using evouchers with computershare .
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .
don 't think they went to tangier .
how do regulatory agencies become " deregulated ? "
ok , thanks for the explanation .
they really only want to say they want to close the loop holes .
what hiptastic believes free trade to be is not free trade at all .
where do other people like to skate ?
bill is the bread winner of our family aswell ..
glad you started this one .
i remember in the fifties conservatives did not want flouride added to the water because flouride turned people into communists .
and that 's world wide .
the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling .
they have been brainwashed by fox and / or rush .
i can 't imagine that you would have any rights to the marital home .
i 'm not a huge fan , but i have to give credit where credit is due and he 's wiping the floor with the republican field in these debates .
look at how bad things were in 2008 and they basically voted for another 4 years of bush .
why don 't you start thinking beyond the talking points that make you feel good ?
all those countries that have signed the kyoto protocol must be convinced of something .
so i offered to make whatever she didn 't want to , and at first she didn 't want me to have to make anything .
i am angry at republicans who scream that obama team is incompetent for not being able to negotiate these terms .
you might get more answers there .
it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does .
they 've been doing these protests for years .
according to it , yes , they can do it .
the appellate court ordered the case back to juvenile court .
it seems to me that dr .
but between welfare and living ok is quite a bit of a chasm for a lot of people .
the ows from the very beginning had a message of peaceful protesting .
did you really write that post ?
black unemployment has been over 15 % for 2 ½ years under obama .
do you have to go back to roosevelt ?
i don 't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is .
how old is that program ?
what surprises is that even in the 1970s , on the back of 3 decades of cooling , more papers ( 42 in total ) predict global warming due to co2 than cooling .
what are the ecological issues ?
the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling .
i cried a lot and could not really understand it .
in the meantime , i 'll just keep you in my heart and mind and hope that will help in some small measure .
don 't be jealous and bitter .
( bull shit call number 2. he and the demwhits negotiated a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it had dried , reneged on the deal and attempted to tie it to his " stimulus ii " wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollars to the deficit now ! )
don 't think they went to tangier .
problem i see is not the color of people that live in here and not from where they come .
one is a loan , the other is an overdraft and one is a credit card .
that year , roosevelt signed the proclamation establishing oklahoma as the 46th state of the union .
or we could poke sharp sticks in our eyes .
the fact that nixon and carter were uxorious did not make them good presidents .
there was a lot of valuables in the safe as we had been saving in cash for the holiday and then returned what we hadn 't spent to the safe .
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps .
remember iran contra ?
those who lead us along this path to bankruptcy are not heroes .
which i think is a good idea .
this is so awful , that poor girl , and this has been happening for 10 years ?
yeah , for toddlers , since the youngest teenagers are already smoking and drinking .
we need more presidents like him .
if it hadn 't been for a phone call i initiated shortly before he died , i wouldn 't have know until after he was dead .
if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans .
any of you wager to guess why such little coverage for the biggest , most powerful media organization on the world ?
don 't want to read and run but i don 't know what to say .
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
in august 1902 , roosevelt was the first president to be seen riding in an automobile in public . [ 52 ]
eventually got him at 8.30. he stayed with " a friend " am i asking to much to be told he is not coming home ?
any real comment about the content ?
why do you hate people that work in their own home ?
there 's a different sort of blood libel .
we returned to new york by train .
but those are elastic terms , and this request will not be the last .
whatever the amount was , i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount .
the entire bush cabinet is starting to look like an image awards telecast minus the fisticuffs and gunplay .
it 's the individual citizens ' responsibility to fund their own behavior .
at our center , the director is the last one out the door .
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined .
i change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is huge and totally full of pee .
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices .
that is the state of class warfare in our society .
this is how the people on the right here treat truth .
why do you hate people that work in their own home ?
but no , he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to .
no jobs at the hotel , no college education , nothing but being born a hilton .
just say , the topic is beyond your understanding and its all good .
good catch , i forgot alcohol and cigarettes .
i think it may be called the family .
i had moved to new york to be close to the power center of the country for my anti war activity .
human rights should always come before money .
if he had twelve months to do it and he was leasing he could have easily relocated .
i 'm all for campaigning but i think that this was really a step too far .
it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does .
you 're talking about white house press releases .
it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept .
i didn 't want to read and run hun .
besides obama is continuing bush polices that he ( ran against ) in order to kill those terrorists .
thats at least racist .
i would get down to the police station sooner than just writing a letter .
i really dont know what to do ...
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .
but what do we know about syria ?
my family has been told by state department ( today ) that there is no evacuation order in place , and that there is nothing we can do but wait .
what symptoms did you have that got you to the doctor in the first place ?
where does it say that , exactly ?
my body was looser after i gave birth but it wasn 't bad .
in fact i bet upon the news alone that he loses the election we will start seeing firms hire and invest exponentially .
but many heirs did not actually do anything to deserve the $ other than being born .
had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner .
where were these so-called ' ' freedom fighters ' ' forty years ago when ghaddafi came to power ?
it was my stepdad that had said " so and so died of a broken heart " and i would laugh .
and they are the problem , simply because they cause a demand on other people 's resources .
returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm .
i 'm here to defend the fluevog ! !
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities .
stuff that are made in the hundreds or few thousand at the most .
why does it matter that he 's black ?
has anyone else got any practical joke related tales ?
there 's kurds in syria , too , i believe .
i don 't need to create problems for myself , with customers feeling they were mislead .
time and again we see that there is one set of laws for the well connected , and a vastly different set for the commoners .
this is an area not tested in the courts .
but its a different matter all together to say that these people are not afforded the right to even live in the uk - the country of their nationality .
i would not even raise my voice to her or her boyfriend .
mean , i know that a car is a material posession , but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it .
what are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this .
i left the site determined to still love the man he once was to me and so i continue to listen to his records to this day .
and he spent his money on things he cared about .
we once got home just as it got too dark to see without a flashlight .
just remember he loves you .
what 's wrong , exactly , with what i 'm doing ?
they didn 't get it , but they asked for it .
christy is a fat sack of shit .
glad your pie rocked though ! !
they are the voice and interpreters of this tort and did their duty .
grrrr what the heck do i do ?
we are all different we came from different backgrounds and we all saw things based on different perceptions some fact based and some clouded by personal experiences .
i change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is huge and totally full of pee .
i have heard really good things about them .
does this sound like the sensible option .
no one appears to have posted about this yet .
yet he doesn 't seem to have anything better to offer .
my 19 yo dd stopped speaking to me for 2 years .
came the report that the woman reported involved was released after a few hours and the reason was that she had been the victim of identity theft .
i have heard really good things about them .
afaik , the va has programs to help them if they want it .
each has it 's own role .
to say that it 's all america 's fault is not correct .
i don 't know what my daddy saw or knew .
i think they let me slide because i already had my honorable discharge .
i 've done it two or three times .
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
and i can 't say the gop would be any different if they get in .
there seems no hope in these areas .
we have traffic laws that exist for no reason other than to fine motorists .
is your health care rationed ?
the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously .
i remember the anti-gypsy attitudes and actions in spain .
it worked in the snyder case .
bring back the kitten .
is no consideration to be given to the crim ?
they 've been doing these protests for years .
but you said your clients were loosening up and starting to hire again .
what have they done to deserve this ?
i tried to call and there was no answer .
there would have been millions less dead if we had done so and the government would be but little different than it is now .
and in fact the research that backs up this health care bill out of the house spells it out clearly .
that is why i have said revere puts himself into a pretzel shape .
three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded .
ok that explains one more trillion of bush 's addition to the national debt .
in those states , minority , student and poor voters are most likely to feel the pinch from the new rules .
the opening statement you quoted is a fact i 'm afraid .
i dont think you are wrong at all .
granted we never took baths together .
on the other hand your side states that millions of private sector jobs have been created ... so
i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy .
the point is that women / girls are constrained to carry it and bear its burden in more than one way .
whatever the amount was , i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount .
they paid him over $ 30 million .
there 's only one early memory i can absolutely date .
i am suprised we all havent wiped each other out by now .
fallout will come over the nation that fires it iran , , iraq wouldnt be to happy about it either .
i 'm terrified , and dh doesn 't talk about it much but he 's nervous too .
makes very good sense .
ah well , at least it proves that we don 't agree with corporal punishment .
though i think a fresh apple is a better choice , given it is washed well .
mankind got ' organized ' .
9. no " spouse " means no established a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor their spouse for immigration purposes .
i was told that you always take the price given and cut it in half and go from there .
and come to think of it , in recent times too .
@ bumblebeeboogie , where are leaders of any stripe when we need them ?
the words that made sense to you .
it makes me think it may be a true memory - it is so unlike older memories - very accurate from a wee person 's perspective .
just what are you reading ?
didnt want to read and run ..
it is a pretty sad statement of the times , imo , that things have gotten so bad .
and of course the poppy propaganda .
thinking esp of the korean war .
but morocco is a very diverse place and things that might be true in one region might not be true in another .
you 're hearing only what you want to hear and imagining the rest .
whether you like it or not , we are on the left side of the laffer curve .
the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
i asked if they could tell me when the money would be in my account they said that was not possible .
i also feel some resentment towards friends of the same age who seem to be a little further along in their ' life plan ' than i am .
i don 't ever try to pass anything off as being other than it is .
i haven 't been to see him as i 'm so angry and hating him .
whatever the amount was , i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount .
spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc 's operation breadbasket .
you are quite welcome ...
was it even recorded as a crime ?
is a bank going to help you when you don 't even have a job anymore ?
and that 's the truth .
if you are fascinated by knives and guns , then go to a comprehensive .
cafcass is impartial , and work for the childs interests , not those of the parents .
quit listening to him because he 's such a damned negative nancy .
he does not have the balls to put his own numbers on the table , and suggest how they pay for it .
at one point he was at a desk on his own , but now he sits beside my daughter .
if you have used the va loan , and then refinanced using the streamline program , i 'd be thrilled to hear about it !
those who lead us along this path to bankruptcy are not heroes .
as a bank manager , you would expect him to have made a will but people are strange and he may not have done .
i can 't believe that the truth is so new to you , cecille .
i really just dont know what to do or think anymore .
what is even more bothersome to me personally ...
i was in iraq , everything is hot .
i don 't write these things to judge anyone .
if he did , he should face charges .
that was kind of rude .
if you don 't like the idea of being sent to a foreign land where people want to kill you , don 't join the military .
the justice system is a farce and we all know it .
you got obama down pat .
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said .
our country is supposed to be a nation of laws and not men , right ?
and ya know what , almost to the person the cnas were in nursing school and the nurses were in np school .
what point are you trying to relay ?
my mother died suddenly 2.5 years ago after a short illness in hospital .
> > > > i don 't think the government need to recognize anything as pertains to marriage .
that means that his money is our money and same goes for mine .
but when the temperature moves up to the 3c level , expected in the early part of the second half of the century , these effects will become critical .
continued pt three times a week .
insignificant to you maybe .
if a bj was the biggest concern of the nation with the president right now-the whole country would be a lot better .
dh leaves tonight for work travel .
i guess this is a last plea for help and guidance , before i do something silly .
i know this is going to be the start of a really long road .
in this case i think that is beyond ceasar 's bounds .
they aren 't the first news organization to do so .
of course not but the question is fast becoming not will israel strike but when and how .
you can read about the case below .
none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies .
the parents of the youth would go on the web site to see all the kind remarks about their child and then see the negative crap also .
" you 've ridden on our backs for too long ...
but when i went the first time .
even you have to know there is a difference between a misdemeanor and a felony .
am i the only one who thinks this is messed up ?
vor : sorry to interupt you , but i just want to get something straight here .
does this sound like the sensible option .
and it didnt bother me .
the prisons are filling up and they 're building more .
i am not among the six percent .
as cruel as it sound , i would argue freedom of choice wins out on this fact and this alone .
the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously .
you chose only that one angle to focus on .
at one point they also walked up and down the student flats in the area approaching any students that came out the door .
i do see what you are saying tho.there
my understanding ( imperfect , i 'm sure ) is that there is no active persecution of jews in the country .
in that case paypal refused to unfreeze the account and also refused to transfer the money to the red cross because of a business deal it had made with united way .
this is not rocket science .
no need to tell them at all .
hi jtr , no you 're not alone !
harming innocent people isn 't going to get your message across .
and that  s where his inheritance ended up .
to say that it 's all america 's fault is not correct .
" you 're going to see how they work all right . "
i 'll update you with the outcome .
edit : what is this i don 't even ...
i never put words in your mouth .
what about that claim about a communist plot ?
anyone else feel like this ?
are you just ignoring the cnn link i posted ?
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
( this is in primary by the way ) .
he insisted one of the workers at the dmv give him one and she turned him down and got fired because of that .
the atomic bombs were not ready until summer 1945 .
best news many of us have heard in the last decade .
i didn 't feel there was any bias in there .
however , they have misunderestimated the american people once again .
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
sometimes during war you have to misdirect the enemy .
i also remember the last time the shale oil bollocks ran rampant here .
got in and out with relative ease the last time i went .
as thomas correctly pointed out , a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case .
this is war and people die in wars .
not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating .
in an instant the houses viewed have not received a coat of paint in years .
i agree with there goes trouble .
i got a us with marshall at 9-10 weeks for dating purposes and if i would of been more certain on this pregnancy , we wouldn 't of had one .
their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats .
you " honored " the dead by pestering a group of people who were interested in not creating any more dead ?
he got bin laden from a place that bush didn 't dare to go into .
but i can understand how some might have found it insensitive .
obama has been a massive and utter failure .
not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating .
it is a pretty sad statement of the times , imo , that things have gotten so bad .
they all have their issues .
don 't cook for him - he 's a grown up .
so i 'm thinking of calling in sick .
we don 't know her history as she was a stray when someone gave her to us .
my son is never ever selected to go .
however , is this any reason to allow crime to continue in your neighborhood ?
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick .
the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december , but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect .
thanks for proving my point about you being an ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality .
i 'm sure your children are worried about you and i 'm sure they 'd appreciate you telling them how you 're feeling , rather than them fretting because they 're seeing their mum upset .
we don 't have a college record ?
it 's scary to think that he could have stood next to me in line at the movies or the store .
so i have been looking around for somewhere else .
those idiots can only think of one answer to the question because anything else would spoinl their attempt to make this a race issue .
overt propaganda utilised as a means of empowering the state at the expense of the common man in the street !
still trying to believe that the world is a zero sum game ?
seriously , it 's true .
my son has adhd and autistic spectrum disorder .
i think everyone feels like you at sometime in their lives ..
i wanted to speak to the head on the teachers recommendation but he was really busy .
" she 's not sitting here " he said .
i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread .
i fear that mum is beginning to deteriorate mentally due to lack of stimulation .
this is of course , upsetting .
i said fine can she give me their number and she said she would put me on hold .
most of those truthers are likely to just move on after the election and look for other things to be pissed off about .
but when i went the first time .
then i found others that countered what she said .
lol just in time to start another war ! !
this is totally unacceptable !
the loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car .
1996 returns to operation push in chicago .
i want to eat so i need to have a car to drive me around .
however , the compromise meant that insurance companies can be told by government that they must offer something , even if it goes against their morals .
it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does .
we may get a call from a client saying that they need something and called another service as well .. and the one who performs the quickest gets the order .
fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit .
another uncle works at the janesville plant currently .
the jihadists have little hope of being able to hijack any more planes so easily .
the reality is that they do exist and civil marriage brings with it large impacts on the transfer of property between spouses .
clearly the child had ( has ) a problem based on the fact that he committed murder .
i have also worked at vanderbuilt .
he 's not too thrilled with our history either ...
epic post seriously , doesn 't this hurt ?
that theory arose in the 1930s as the answer to the great depression , which , of course , never worked .
it said wreckage of the craft was strewn at the scene .
you may also lose your single person council tax status .
it was the same offer we accepted after we targeted civilians with the a-bombs and dropped them .
they havent raised any moral issues or issues of any kind with having to provide contraception at no additional cost .
i think , we look like a joke to the rest of the world , universe .
they are killing themselves as a politcal force .
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses .
most people feel unintelligent and awkward when they first get to uni- you 're definitely not alone there .
low wages are hard to make it with in the us .
so we had to assume some one stole them .
and that 's the truth .
great time to add another fee to those taking out mortgages then .
and of course the poppy propaganda .
i don 't mean for president ; i mean out of the country .
dh has not been asked to give a statement , and we assume nor has the cabby .
i do think they should pay to clean up the oil spill , and fix whatever went wrong .
little do they know they 're far left utopia only works if the whole world is in it too .
you must tell us who killed jfk .
if millions have a disastrous medical issue , like cancer , or hundreds or thousands have a natural disaster issue , what 's the difference ?
in this instance , i chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation .
then he sped away without stopping , without calling the police or calling for an ambulance .
that 's nothing new in iraq .
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay .
no , you had second hand experience .
i think my earliest memory was somewhere between 3 and 4 years old .
well then-what is your opinion on us getting involved in libya ?
the majority of this nation believes in god and believes that he will turn on us .
mushy has to be the odds on favorite .
just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law ?
the ones with other symbols succeeded .
and while you 're at it , find out why rupert is investing in the prince 's middle eastern network .
for this reason they probably need to stay inside - unless they really change .
but who decides and how is that enforced ? !
i just went on a little ride with some bad people .
this took place in hartford , ct .
he still hasn 't to this day .
i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do .
now here 's a decent post worth reading .
the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling .
that 's why the us has the largest prison population in the world , in both numbers , and as a percentage of the population .
boycott as you deem fit , but calling for the death of the ceo is over the top .
for them , the morality or lack of it was not the question .
but even that might not be enough .
as for lumping all islamic countries together as a no go area - what complete nonsense !
but he wanted to see his grandson be born .
that 's how i would feel supported .
they would retain all of their chinese , korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures .
bet you already know the answer .
meditation and exercise are really helpful , so definitely try to do those .
a generation of unfortunate vietnamese have paid the price for that madness .
i 'm sure the cartoonists think they are all terribly ironic , and forget that some of them are not all that talented .
virtually every city in the country grants a monopoly to one cable company or another .
they have wisdom in their own way .
it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay .
what does keeping england english even mean ?
what thing has she done and what other thing has she done ?
who in their right mind would chose not to help , if they could help in any way ?
i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn 't exist .
consider it a preventative measure and use it wisely .
he still hasn 't to this day .
so much for decision day .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
this is just this week alone .
that is what the founders of the movement intended .
and the lady in the hallway with me was my grandmother , not my mother .
my opinion is that bush spent $ 1 t rillion to get saddam .
why do you think it matters to willow ?
but our parents said " oh no , it was an accident " .
she then said she could not give me their number .
being a university student .
it was our day , how we wanted and it was wonderful .
this is the wrong thread for this .
talking about the problem will help you deal with it .
that is the entire case .
how about a link to that information ?
i never stated that the doctrine of what supremacy was at the root of cause of slavery .
i would suggest that a few more than " nobody " cared .
a conservative will reply as they have been instructed with something like " you poop on streets ! "
it depends on the state as to whether unpasteurized milk is illegal , it 's not the federal government or fda that decides that .
i was always fascinated by history and people 's past experiences ...
i have also just realised my wife is now in the exact same situation .
oh my i thought it was the end of the world but it wasn 't .
i don 't think there are too many people , just too many people to live in the way that we are living .
if you want to be with him you do have to lay your cards on the table , you have to mean it too and be prepared to walk away if he isn 't commited to leaving his marriage in the near future .
not only do i not have the funds for this , but i am in the 3rd year of an iva .
unfortunately the teachers union 's work to discredit them .
i am suprised we all havent wiped each other out by now .
i told him no because we really need to start saving , we have nothing .
and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices .
so what does this have to do with newt ?
rslw : because they are horrible , fascist skin head brutes .
ok , thanks for the explanation .
neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone .
i can tell some of them , if anyone wants to hear .
now they are set in their ways .
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse .
it is also very easy to target and mock .
and you have a problem with this ?
of course they are because without the " expansion " they have no argument .
if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans .
it seems like if a candidate went to a state , and said , " i hate all of you .
you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying , my friend .
you didn 't request a beating and they gave you one anyway ?
i have a history of giving due credit to president obama for the few things he has done right .
do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago ?
returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm .
they say the hardest job in the military is being a military spouse and my wife was one for most of my military career .
the tea party didn 't promote ending the intereference of religion in politics .
i agree that you need to see the gp and try some counselling .
we don 't need to turn on each other .
this was a long and ongoing struggle that lasted almost 2 years .
they lined up to insist that the government had to change direction if the party was to win a fourth term .
the true heroes will be the people will have to endure the emanate mass austerity , sovereign default or currency devaluation .
he didn 't look away and he did have empathy for the victim .
" our request is the same .
government or the guys that actually own the business ?
we want a flat , fair and wide base and most importantly , for the government to live within it 's means .
he doesn 't just swear in conversation , he swears at me , and gets really aggressive .
look at the bigger picture .
how about all of new york state ?
they are almost never encountered because people who know the truth will tell someone .
there 's only one way to find out : get the damn thing in the gulf and we 'll see . "
it 's not like he needs the money .
they keep talking about the huge deficit in the obama admin .
laws should be for everyone .
why don 't you start dealing with the facts before you try lecturing others .
it does not matter what your sexual preference 's are .
where it goes wrong in practice is when they create a central government to control the communes .
i don 't know what to make of the whole thing to be honest ..
that way the people in the know will be able to pick and choose what is needed from what you have provided .
and i can 't say the gop would be any different if they get in .
we are at war with al-qaida .
hes a good family man and has been a below average president .
that is the state of class warfare in our society .
ask for the crime number and see .
so say those that ruined it .
they report that there are no planes coming in or out , and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport .
as the only white in the hall , i understood why the question was being asked .
did anyone tell obama it 's dangerous over there ?
it should be a matter of fact not a goverment regulation .
what have they done to deserve this ?
my son is 7 and i dread to think what i would do in this situation .
he got a letter in the post this morning , dated tuesday , saying the police were closing their investigation .
she then said she could not give me their number .
no it 's just that people like you can 't be honest .
beyond that , i am not convinced the scotus can find anything new to say about the first amendment on these facts .
are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion ?
gotta love the people who insist on " helping " you when it could be easier to do it yourself ...
that is what the founders of the movement intended .
no , it 's not just you .
i was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part .
dodge , change the subject , project what they have been instructed to believe etc ...
if i have to say it a million times … .i
they didn 't even have a train station ...
she continues to get death threats .
i don 't know if this goes for people generally , but that was how g went .
its not going to effect the world one bit .
there are procedures and medications the government does not cover .
we have never claimed on our contents insurance before and so i don 't know what the correct protocol is .
there has to be a present risk of harm , editec .
as it 's evident , the cops in that area didn 't even do that !
they envisioned a little elastic string holding the hadrons together .
woman at the nursery also said that they 're appalling in answering calls , i was on for over half an hour waiting for an answer in the morning .
i can 't find anything to support her claim that foreign ships have been there since the rig exploded .
you do realize that there is a difference between an insurance company and a health care provider right ?
it took the parent of martin 3 days before they got the word from the local police dept .
i told him , and he 's angry and me , but he told me he didn 't want me before i did it .
they are about a future where you come first .
i had to read the whole thread in one sitting .
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .
thank you for your concern pelastration .
who 's got a better one ?
she went on so much that i said i would get a ew on in february .
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
don 't you follow , and want our laws to follow all of leviticus ?
does this sound like the sensible option .
you can read about the case below .
thank you for demonstrating my point .
the emergency measures barely affected daily life in the city of over 10 million people .
but no , he acts as if he got a memo from the mcqueary and forwarded it on to his superiors like he was supposed to .
in any case , he was busting pretty hard on the administration and the ( r ) congress for spending like crazy .
and i can 't say the gop would be any different if they get in .
now he has been charged everyone has got something to say about it , mainly untrue gossip that they have heard .
move to where the food is ..
if they have made peace with their pay , then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well .
source : justin quinn .
then they hear the defence - plus get an education about the principles of sentencing .
in actual practise , the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits .
and question answers .
have been in a similar situation myself .
and all to few understand , therefore nothing will be done to avoid the slide .
just like you and me .
i actually think lougher acted the way he did out of some sort of form of psychosis .
he didn 't see any either .
i told him to bring lots of pens and paper because i had lots i wanted to say and lots of questions .
why is that so hard to understand ?
the debate is whether or not a new mosque should be built at that very location .
even if you do it by pretending it doesn 't exist .
maybe america isn 't the place for you ?
not to mention the meddling we have been doing inside iran for the past 100 years or so ...
some refused to go because they didn 't want to be killed .
are you ready to meet me ? )
you don 't even wait for the water to boil anymore .
alternative hostelries within the near vicinity beckon , with an even sense of urgency .
do the math , and we dont have to worry about these fuckkers fubaring the future of our kids .
he served eleven years total behind bars for his antiwar activities .
there are only two kinds of proper football ; one you call soccer , and rugby ( dominated by the new zealanders ) .
hope that helps i 've been with my boyfriend since i was 16 years old .
in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson .
they used their puppet governments of the shah and saddam to control the countries to counter soviet influence in the region .
i don 't mean to be dense , but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are ?
it seems like every time i make any decision with money he has a friend telling him to not be a little " bitch " .
i havent access to anymore , and to be honest i dont want it .
i wasnt trying to make him feel bad .
using your definition - there was no housing bubble .
that is not happening today and , frankly , i do not see it happening in the near future .
it 's almost like you 're a closeted conservative ...
there may be trouble there again .
he is an ex-ecb vice president .
murder is not always face to face , yanno .
it sounds like you are going to have a really busy weekend without going to work anyways ... and
clearly we need the poor to have money in their pockets so they can buy our goods and services .
what kind of outlets did this veteran have ?
it 's only relevant if you apply for a new mortgage , as others have said .
after all the whites have occupied this land sicne the dawn of man .
can only see them wanting to convert to btl if / when they find out .
sorry , you just don 't .
what medications was he on ? ...
three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded .
and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone , any time with anyone .
he married you , chose to have a child with you and loves you unconditionally .
i wound up getting an epidural during that one .
they broke into their families homes , as well .
you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .
i got into town on saturday , we spent the day together , he slipped into a coma early sunday and was gone by monday morning .
however , i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit .
that 's not just from the ex-wife .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
that is how it works .
the whole world was astonished and followed the beast .
they would retain all of their chinese , korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures .
and the race card is coming up next .
" you 're going to see how they work all right . "
because he isn 't a leader , he is a perpetual campaigner and chief .
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one .
here is a good point by point q & a analysis of these unrests in thailand .
you help your dog chase its tail .
i often wonder if he might have lived longer had he stayed with a more physically demanding job .
he is the least pc of them all , thus far , and in my opinion .
are you prepared to admit therefore that islam is a murderous religion ?
is there any way that can be avoided ?
so that is bull shit !
it 's one thing if you are just lazy and forget , but its another thing to lie about diaper changes all together .
but only the shoreline around the terrace itself was really my idea of skate-friendly .
and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions .
either government has to honor religioius doctrine or it doesn 't - pick one .
haven 't heard about that .
i didn 't want to read and run hun .
that was also about a blow job , of course .
my purpose here is not to rabble rouse , but to have a meeting with like or similar minds to discuss what has been and is going on .
he just doesnt get it .
however , the way i see it is that by blaming the pundits i.e .
romney : well , he didn  t have as much as i think some people anticipated .
it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied .
and that i definitely think you have done the right thing for both yourself and your husband .
he has texted the house phone last night and all the kids .
then i 'd wait for a second instance before bringing it up again .
i am just a big ball of hormones right now .
and the crowd would not be knowing that she would be adding more at the end , was sure applauding her story of what she did ...
it 's another world out here - when we bought our house in ' 98 , it was assessed at $ 67k .
why don 't you start dealing with the facts before you try lecturing others .
the problem is , that i don 't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out .
i 'm really not sure why .
the " effect " people are talking about isn 't simple political rhetoric designed to sway votes .
my marriage has finally ended after 20 years .
you 're not stupid , just young and vulnerable .
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined .
how long ago was this ?
because they are the only ones that make sense .
i 'm an adult , and a wife and a mum .
there 's more to life than a couple of men .
so ask yourself " do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better ? " ... i
i am wary about doing this as i am unable to find the letter that agreed to me letting out my flat .
the problem is , that i don 't really have a life plan but i am the sort of person who likes to have things fairly planned out .
what does keeping england english even mean ?
so that is the end of that .
i 'm not very dogmatic about too many things , but i firmly believe young teens having sex is not a good thing .
i just wanted to say that in my experience the fear of the unknown is the worst thing .
also , assuming the whole thing is a sham ..
i don 't know of anywhere in the us where there 's actual abject poverty .
thanks for thinking of me , but i don 't have the desire to appear on his show .
they didn 't even have a train station ...
what i said was that he was working for someone else when his father died .
edgar , you may be right - at least in part .
i most certainly did not treat the disaster as if it doesn 't exist .
depending on you sex .
it 's a tough call , but today 's minimum is too low .
if the people back home were clamoring to get me out of this pointless errands .
so the night before thanksgiving she asked me if i was still making the pie and i told her yes , i was going to make it from scratch with suger pumpkins i grew in my garden .
how old is that program ?
i 'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath .
and i would appreciate armed strangers not trying to manage my own personal safety .
your claim that he has killed 3 times as many al qeada is completely false .
my sister is two years younger than i am , and i remember the day she came home from the hospital .
we are at war with al-qaida .
totally free of course .
once the disaster finally ends he may speak out .
i did not feel ready to be home .
the site this was posted on had other problems with an account being frozen .
quote : the existence of 2 ( presumably ) youngish children would suggest that the marriage is not the cold and unrewarding one the husband would have you believe .
if it continues to be a problem i 'd start showing your daily sheet to the director before you leave - let her see that mrs. i hasn 't changed a diaper in 3 hours .
that this message is deserved is not the point .
sometimes i like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war , we would have lost .
put him in a room with any halfway intelligent free market economist and he turns into a blubbering moron .
to suggest that social and economic gaps are internal to blacks is to suggest that there is a genetic propensity that makes blacks inferior .
this would be an interesting story to keep up with .
he 's an adult. he should be courteous to your home and keep it clean , but outside of that he should be able to come and go as he pleases .
more often than not ows protestors are targeting their peers on the street rather than anyone who has committed any actual wrong doing .
this thing has gone just exactly as the democrats hoped .
there was nobody waiting for me to come home .
would that be legal in this country ?
just say you would like help in working out access for your son .
i believe the pals and israelis are fast getting to that point .
sue them and try to get some money out of them .
they are sitting on over a trillion dollars in cash .
why is no one sanctioning the us ? ?
but whatever happens , we need some national truth-telling , and we need to stop calling " them " the problem .
it may be a question of magnitude once again .
and now it appears that there was a second one , that is now being uncovered .
and if we continue to be a nation that allows sex with anyone , any time with anyone .
but i 'm sorry to say i don 't really take the ndp seriously .
hi , since bout a year after i started secondary school i 've been getting this shoulder pain .
timing is everything and this is not a good thing in the long run omho .
not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating .
we know the date this happened , because we know when mom and sister came home from the hospital , so i was two years and two months old at the time .
the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president .
i agree with you , quantum windbag , and so do most legal commentators i have read .
the foreign secretary , margaret beckett , is at 40 / 1 , while the defence secretary , des browne , and the welsh and northern ireland secretary , peter hain are 50 / 1 .
it sounds horrible but feeding these people is the worst thing you can do in the long run .
the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen .
i can 't see his death reducing the scale of the ' war on terror ' ..
to want to know he is safe ?
( i have been in full time employment for 25 years ) .
she 's on line here but hasn 't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's our nation 's laws to follow all of leviticus .
try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking .
meets dr. king ; asks him for a job .
if they have made peace with their pay , then there is no reason you should not be at peace with their pay as well .
they are with us for our lifetimes and beyond .
is your health care rationed ?
i think it would have helped me draw a line between the traumatic events of her death and funeral and marked the start of my learning to deal with life without mum .
i dont have any dog in the fight .
it 's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence .
now of course its everyones fault but their own .
hope your little one is coping ok with the stress ( although in this situation i bet the kids are much better than the parents ) .
i would also not back down .
there 's two entities that have zero interest in keeping obama in the white house .
now - they are dangerous - cos they would move to another bottle , and it would all begin again .
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5 / 1 to 9 / 4 .
i saw her all the time and we spoke about 6 times a day on the phone up until she was very ill in her last weeks and sleepy with morphine .
he invited me in the past ( while simultaneously saying i should be tried and executed ) , and i told him that i believe he is mentally ill and needs help , not attention .
unfortunately they 're going to end up at the same address six feet under - they be pals or israelis .
yes , the conventional media .
you spew here what you claim to be facts .
but as a christian , i believe what god 's word tells me .
have a quiet registry marriage with just the important people there , followed by a party for everyone done cheaply .
why do you think that commandment is there ?
true oil only comes from quart sized cans .
they report that there are no planes coming in or out , and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport .
i wouldn  t be able to change to a buy to let mortgage .
i wrote that it felt like someone smashed a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it was a departing ship .
for the first 1-2 years he hated me going out with my friends .
wtf are you talking about ?
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus ...
the idea of regular increments to minimum wage is a good one - for businesses to cope with them .
then i found others that countered what she said .
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice .
in this case it is the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion .
therefore , it was christians that did it ! "
you wouldn 't have an original thought if it hit you in the face .
but as a christian , i believe what god 's word tells me .
if they dont want to .
this was an accident ...
the deficit is a result of borrowing to save the collapse of the banking system , not because labour invested too much money into our services .
as we stand there is no will that we know of anywhere .
what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation .
the father is not a public figure and is a private citizen .
i 'm shocked he was even elected ...
also , penn state fans are being encouraged to wear white to the next game in order to protest the persecution of paterno and express their support .
oil is washing up north of miamui beach on the east side of florida .
wow that vor person is a idiot !
the poor don 't need cobra to continue being insured , they never were insured by their employers , they have medicaid .
and i don 't even engage in the practice of being " vague " about the description of my inventory .
but conserv won 't address these issues .
just what are you reading ?
all of that proves that zimmerman told the police the truth .
and that 's a tall order .
they didn 't even have a train station ...
upon his release he sued the us for the above crimes and the case was dismissed for " national security reasons . "
my dad met a lovely woman and also remarried .
and our population hasn 't increased by over a factor of 10 in the last two generations .
you will learn to make real chips .
i think there are numerous instances where our justice system is simply too punitive .
perhaps we knew each other .
other than that , i 'm afraid there 's not much else you can do .
leviticus 18 : 24 , 30 reads , " defile not ye yourselves in any of these things : for in all these the nations are defiled which i cast out before you .
denial is not just a river in egypt .
not sure if he truly meant it or was trying to make me feel better - but it did work .
such people aren 't capable of rational thought and only understand violence .
i am sure the counsellors there have seen so many manipulators and the fallout that they may be able to suggest strategies to cope .
that is how it works .
i have family waiting in the cairo airport right now .
why do wingnuts hate intelligence ?
i wouldn 't say it 's racist , just insular great thread .
some members of the president 's staff were indited and sent to prison for perjury and other offenses .
it seems like the best option would have been something like " hey , i think this violin is fake and paypal is saying i have to destroy it to get my money back .
if the government provides health care , whether spelled out in this bill or not , it will ration the care .
do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago ?
if you want to change society 's morals you appeal to the hearts and minds of the people that are willing to listen and if they embrace it what you find to be immoral will eventually die out on it 's own .
i don 't mean to be dense , but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are ?
there are a few other early memories , but i can 't date them .
both daughtes had to go to cafcass for inteviews .
i have 3 kids between 7 and 2 , my sister has a daughter aged 10 months .
she acts like she had no idea who she was praising .
whenever we pick her up from all but one of the teachers , her sheet says she was changed at 4 : 30ish and when i change her again at 6 : 30 or 7 her diaper is fine .
i didn  t do as well at stanford , by the way .
my brother is an alcoholic , with 2 daughters from 2 different marriages .
in their view , there is a difference between an embryo and a brain dead person .
she told me of her son , then in vietnam , and her wish to bring him home .
obviously you 're totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participating in the protests .
i just read about this story .
he was the first speaker of the house in history to be fined .
the atomic bombs were not ready until summer 1945 .
i cant stand to smell of cooking food .
it 's just who we are as a society .
quite simply because they 're pissing on the graves of those who died .
so i have been looking around for somewhere else .
however , i might try to find someone with the means and skills to investigate the position because i do think it has merit .
the jury is to be instructed as to the law to be applied to the facts they determine , not the other way around .
however , there is no drama that he was involved with anna chapman or any other honey pot involved with russian or us mafias .
the nurse needs a scientific calculator to take your pulse .
it was our day , how we wanted and it was wonderful .
main issue i see is identity .
he does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the us 's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to .
they said there was fighting amongst kids in the street and this seemed to be normal and tolerated .
president obama has proposed a $ 634 billion down payment on a new govern * ment health care fund .
it 's their choice as to what services they will provide and what they won 't .
the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted .
i don 't actually give two figs what minimum wage does for or against the economy .
hold , straighten and push forward again .
he 's going the full marxist route of attacking creative destruction .
all the while i was bummed i didn 't get to make anything else .
she then said she could not give me their number .
and it didnt bother me .
i don 't believe most progressives even understand the difference between the state and federal government .
also , there are hints that these concerns are from scientists who only want to fund their own pet projects .
so you may want to consider my advice .
he was caught lying to congress .
and tell them if they cannot wait how to protect themselves .
i will do so with my daughter this year ...
it was our day , how we wanted and it was wonderful .
he also advised that as there had been evidence they should have logged it as a crime .
it wasn 't fun really , but if you need to be induced then you have to do what you need to do .
he and the democrats got damn near everything they wanted and they still reneged on it before the ink was dry .
people are facing choices about whether to ruin their lives - or potentially lose their lives .
has anyone heard about this ?
we could go tit for tat over and over .
one thing they found particularly hard to deal with was other young men attaching themselves to their group and being undislodgeable ( a nwe word and it 's only 9 am ! ) .
as for the forensics , do you think the world works like csi ?
there is strong demand for us education .
the justice system is a farce and we all know it .
it was all very sophomoric and all quite futile .
he has texted the house phone last night and all the kids .
ows has already launched the class war into the consciousness of millions of americans .
i fully and totally agree .
the arab league did not understand that a no fly zone can have different meanings if worded appropriately .
i have suffered from anxiety and depression in the past and she was the one person who could calm me down and make everything alright .
do you know the great thing about numbers .
i agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this .
as to the rest of that lunatic ranting and political positioning on whitehouse.gov ,
he got bin laden from a place that bush didn 't dare to go into .
that was the ultimate insult to him .
but there is nothing that you are willing to do that will rectify the problem .
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone .
even our r & d is being jobbed-out to faraway india and other parts of the world .
just how good a basis is revenge for sentencing ?
unions are for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educated worker has with a hammer in their hand .
i don 't really know what is up but i 'm super mad about it .
it is a national campaign that wants people to stop snitchin ' on people who commit crimes .
actually , the whole " contraception " drum is being pounded by the liberals in an attempt at gotcha politics .
they didn 't get it , but they asked for it .
i heard about this two weeks ago .
he does have lots of really interesting ideas about the economy and the us 's relations with the rest of the world that are worth listening to .
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them .
we then gave our insurance company the crime ref number and the receipts of the items stolen .
it was my stepdad that had said " so and so died of a broken heart " and i would laugh .
why do you hate america so much ?
source thomas do you have data on how the insurance industry is preparing for or speaking about gw ?
i lost my mum and i felt the same way , for quite a long time , so i think i understand how it is for you .
i think they could at least specify the varity of apple used .
they are literally saying that going above one 's superiors is worse than going to the police once one 's superiors take action .
both sides could have used better attorneys on this , the arguments dance around the real issues and ignore the facts - on both sides .
problem is clinton did something no other president did , he violated the oval office by having sex thaere and then lying about it .
it 's not like he needs the money .
they saved millions of lives .
we still have not got a decision from them .
people still care about what happened , i do .
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since ... well ,
they had to be air lifted in somewhere around the first of june .
if not , stop talking about due process .
but the police have to do something , don 't they ?
the first baptist church in his hometown had to take up a collection to support the family gingrich had deserted .
of course , people who work with sick animals know that when the mean ones stop being mean , death is peeking around the corner .
sounds like we are falling foul of the eu standard practice in the way we treat our nationals .
obama agreed and compromised .
thanks i think it can be very easy to focus on what he doesn 't do .
things are so big and strange .
chances are it will move more to the middle over time .
i am told that when lenders agree to this , it  s on a short term basis .
nope , as i have said before we haven 't been up to much of that .
you just completed another sweater and you don 't know how to knit .
and he got a whole lot of millage out of sexual harrassment bs at the time of the thomas hearings .
we should have monuments for him .
what is even more bothersome to me personally ...
he told the the administration what they wanted to hear .
but the fact is , you idiots fired her before anyone knew about the story .
there 's also a side issue of amicus waivers .
i don 't mean for president ; i mean out of the country .
i have seen the streams run as black slurries from strip mining .
you 're better off without him in your life , and you 'll have a life .
and what happened to that lie you were going to cite in cristol 's book ?
was worth just over £ 10k at the time with only 7,000 miles on the clock i think and i got it for £ 6,200 .
i mean not even everyone in hk is a british national - only a proportion of the population are .
and this was of particular interest .
neither government nor people should impose their values on anyone .
i think this is what the original starter of the thread ( joshw ) is driving at .
here is a partial list : - the stimulus has created millions of jobs in the private sector .
i am positively surprised about this choice .
had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner .
i said i complain the 3 or so times a month i ring with the same problem .
@ edgarblythe , that is very sad .
but they never mentioned the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin .
i am wrong about the unemployment rate , but every other point i made about obama is true .
so we now heve to wait for a decision to be handed down from the mountaintop .
i assume that if pronation is " normal " the shoes may be just fine ; if not , yes , i might see an orthopedist for an opinion .
you could kill an entire police force .
you lie through your teeth and still get votes .
this isn 't just an american problem , this is the worlds problem .
charge him board and let him be independant .
walking the gauntlet up the steps of the police station in cambridge was a piece of cake compared to the beating we took in the back room .
what many fail to realize is that exiling arafat might not be an option .
show me where the health insurance companies are coming together to protest the contraception mandate .
what many fail to realize is that exiling arafat might not be an option .
they cheat in elections , they lie about nearly everything and hate everyone who varies even a little bit from what they already have cemented in their brain cases .
in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson .
someone needs to go to jail for that one .
however , they were held accountable for it all the same .
to them it was good enough .
the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor .
as to the rest of that lunatic ranting and political positioning on whitehouse.gov ,
why do you hate people that work in their own home ?
what did you edit out ?
try dealing with the facts instead of your wishful thinking .
such people aren 't capable of rational thought and only understand violence .
the cat has your collective tongues .
this is why the right is destined to lose its ass .
you know what teenagers are like , they pick up on anything .
reality is , i was there before and returned again .
it was the same offer we accepted after we targeted civilians with the a-bombs and dropped them .
that doesn 't make any sense .
i 'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds .
show me where the health insurance companies are coming together to protest the contraception mandate .
so what do you think ?
that is a human-driven consequence ; it is not because of the ideology .
i had moved to new york to be close to the power center of the country for my anti war activity .
well them you , squire , have never heard of one .
why all the lying about this on your part ?
the story that a soldier related to larry king about how he died is now known to be a false .
you say , " good to the last drop . "
reality is , i was there before and returned again .
i suppose that is one of the reasons i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird .
i would hope that all of us learned something from them .
i can 't even put it into words .
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo , on my belly and scared .
all done in the arrogant self belief that they know best . "
i could be imagining that , however .
with everything going on in the world .
and the assad regime is alawite .
in the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government .
yes , ships have been in the gulf before and during the crisis .
into the apple store on the way back and pick up an ipad ( for a gift ) .
we are the home of tesla motors that only the " sean penns " of the world can afford .
we were supposed to stop qaddafi them using his aircraft to drop bombs in cities occupied by the rebels .
i used to love climbing trees ...
why does it matter that he 's black ?
she 's on line here but hasn 't answered as to whether or not she follows all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's our nation 's laws to follow all of leviticus .
so we now heve to wait for a decision to be handed down from the mountaintop .
the moral of this story , is that much like lending money to friends , never let paypal deal with more of your money than you are willing to lose .
edgarblythe i loved that story on abuzz and love it here .
here 's a list of articles for you to peruse .
democrats are terrified that black people might start to notice .
india has expressed interest in in the t-50 and has made overtures to sukhoi to invest in it 's development .
i wouldn 't budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though !
i am also reading about that recently ( e.g .
the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president .
this seems to be an election without a result .
i really want this sorted and not sure what else i can do .
he still hasn 't to this day .
blasted bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in their dual oil-spill response and made a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation .
in no way was he better on the question of the war than johnson .
no , it 's not just you .
do you even pay attention to current events ?
corruption is the rule , not the exception .
she acts like she had no idea who she was praising .
this assumes that the government is telling us the whole story , which , of course , they are not .
you 're so wired , you pick up am radio and people test their batteries in your ears .
i never had any luck with the temp agencies , one time i got a voice mail from one of them saying they had a job for me .
you moved the goal posts from fed to local .
> > > > well that is a different argument in a different place but " fair is fair " .
they were never addressed with a letter .
one other thing , the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt .
in addition to these three , roosevelt appointed 19 judges to the united states courts of appeals , and 53 judges to the united states district courts .
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
do you even understand what wry was conveying ?
are you just ignoring the cnn link i posted ?
that 's morally right is it ? !
my heart goes out to all of them .
its great news but it has nothing to do with obama being a great commander in chief .
so the big fish stays big and little guppies cant have shit .
that 's about the limit of my understanding of this crazy , glowing box . )
the problem is that this man was violent and abused me beating me and generally hurting me .
or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon / teabagger cousin 's stupidity ?
it has helped my shoulder a lot .
do you know the great thing about numbers .
there was no surplus .
then i have had instances where 2 people have not received their items but that is because they had p.o .
there seems no hope in these areas .
i do not believe that blacks have a genetic propensity to be inferior to whites .
he can run with palin .
the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor .
the police are trying to fiddle the figures .
my sister is two years younger than i am , and i remember the day she came home from the hospital .
he left his job in disgrace .
if someone visited the us and went to la they might have a different perception of the us than someone who visited and went to new orleans .
grief he 's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row .
ah , so many amazing memories ...
and yes , we stayed within that traditional 15-20 percent range .
that 's why i 'm talking about this .
fdny is city government and they were on site since the planes hit .
nor will they be the last .
he was very polite and very kind .
they controlled spain for quite awhile back then .
birkies have your heel lower than the ball of the foot .
things that you wanted to do but didn 't .
didnt need it in the past and it does not need it now .
the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor .
then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i checks her diaper again closer to the end of the day .
what happened to america being a nation of laws and not men ?
so at least based on the available data , it appears that voucher programs are neither improving the performance of program participants nor improving the quality of the public school systems .
i finished the cereal but not the milk so she poured it into a red plastic cup and gave it to me to drink .
i wrote in my journal that it felt like i had a leather mask on my head .
the gop is fighting for freedom of religion .
they seriously think they can threaten us ?
this is an area not tested in the courts .
i just don 't know where the school should be on this , this is not the sort of situation that can be googled for answers .
i have something to say to these heteros .
it was what he did after he inherited them that make him a self made man , not the fact that he inherited them .
so i paid them off for her .
i 've been here before , with someone much older , and it won 't get any better .
she stated that they could not take complaint over the phone but they had to be in writing or by email .
there was a lot of valuables in the safe as we had been saving in cash for the holiday and then returned what we hadn 't spent to the safe .
it is all about the entitlements .
i just don 't know what to do for the best !
i do not recall anyone suggesting that those behind the ground zero mosque were to be held accountable for 9 / 11 .
but as a christian , i believe what god 's word tells me .
as to what happened to their missing kid .
i think you 're missing the entire point .
so sad too how the prospect of a few material things when someone is ill can turn some people into total vulchers .
come to think of it , that would include you , which might explain why you don 't see it .
the dont identify me as a real preson , ..
i hope it works out in the end ...
but what is this anger going to get you .
it could be argued that a better word is collectivist ... i
not the people that want them to pay their share of the tax burden which they very much are responsible for .
it brought them to china and india and even mexico .
what medications was he on ? ...
i think you need to look at the valuation of your home year over year .
of course , it wasn 't until years later , thinking back to that time that i understood what it was all about .
you really think he pioneered this kind of politics ?
cafcass is impartial , and work for the childs interests , not those of the parents .
the people of libya and egypt rose up against the corruption and won , we could have a shot , couldn 't we ?
can anyone offer any words of wisdom / advice / experience of their own ?
i think that would be a worse punishment than jail .
let 's start with a statment of affairs .
i would suggest that a few more than " nobody " cared .
none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies .
but for some reason this morning when i was asking if he had fun , and what they did etc. i asked if it was an all nude or just a topless and i should not have asked that. he told me all nude and i just broke down crying .
these sanctions in place will not harm the iranians intention to build nuclear weapons ..
ask for the crime number and see .
yet he doesn 't seem to have anything better to offer .
no it 's just that people like you can 't be honest .
you might also try posting on the benefits board here to see if anyone can suggest any routes for you .
i was recently thinking i should know more about the sudan , as well as syria .
i haven 't had airconditioning my whole life until a couple of months ago , and now i have a " swamp cooler " .
i have family waiting in the cairo airport right now .
again i would like to know where you are getting this bullcrap from , rat .
you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .
what is going on there ?
because it isn 't about " life " , it 's about punishing the harlots and making women incubators .
the fact is we were burgled and these items were stolen .
i am just a big ball of hormones right now .
that 's why i can no longer support them .
as you know , recently my mother died , and she named me and my sister as the executors of her will .
as the only white in the hall , i understood why the question was being asked .
i say the time to tackle the iran issue is now .
so does the us a lot more too , whats the difference ? ?
all thsoe things are fine and dandy , but not what the thread is about .
they should just amend the house rules ... stop
really has nothing to do with what i said , but let 's look at that .
why has no one come forward to admit the truth ?
you just have to think what you want , it may seem tough on others .
i 'll check them out while i 'm out and about tomorrow .
i saw the bits of cereal floating around in the milk and threw the glass across the kitchen .
i agree with the others , it is better to say everything , and let them edit it themselves , they will pick the relevant information out , that is their job .
it is still happening : it will not stop happening for 100 years .
thaksin " red shirts " gather again in bangkok bangkok , april 25 ( reuters ) - about 3,000 supporters of exiled former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in bangkok on saturday for their first rally in the capital since violent street clashes two weeks ago .
you 've worn out the handle on your favorite mug .
i think it 's a real shame on the part of our government for treating them like this .
they found the bomb before they found the woman .
don 't you think we deserve to know more about this man ?
the whole country is a toxic cesspool of pollution .
one of the voices of protest i fondly listened to belonged to ed sanders - yeah , the gross poet wanna be who sang dirty songs as the leader of the fugs .
it was all the more startling because it was not perceived by people who 'd always lived here .
the leaders of the world need to get together and begin constructing a massive plan to stop global warming .
i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said .
murdoch inherited two fairly successful newspapers and turned them into a global media empire .
a man , walking his dog , tells the driver that was pulled over , that he saw him stop at the sign .
the problem is , you are going after people just like you .
i have tried to give a full picture of what happened during this time including conversations i had and telephone conversations .
could the protests turn violent ?
japan under the army had no intention of surrender .
i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread .
how original of you tm .
the french legislation has enraged turkey , which has threatened sanctions if french president nicolas sarkozy signs the bill .
the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor .
i can hear the desperation in your words .
i don 't believe they have even started the bacs transfer , although the money is out of my account .
i have no idea what party / pres .
and tbh - once you do have kids - you will feel even more trapped .
i think newt has been the most accurate and forthright .
seeing mutated corpses don 't bother me .
guess what dipshit - oil fumes are no laughing matter .
i don 't need to create problems for myself , with customers feeling they were mislead .
i happened to cross this thread , however , and just wanted to clear up a couple of things .
it is more honest and accurate to say receipts average between 17 % -19 % , and in the 90 's were in the high 19s and hit 20 by the end .
they report that there are no planes coming in or out , and that there are tens of thousands of people at the airport .
just when was that little bit of legislation signed into law ?
does anyone have any advice ?
is there any property involved ?
that 's why i 'm talking about this .
and i care enough about each of you to share with you god 's truth .
it may not be the case , but it 's something to think about .
when we were young , before my husband got an easier job , he did manual labor .
most americans are just to dumb to realize that their way of life is going to be changing for the worse and we are barely seeing the results of their apathy .
that is what liberty is about , after all .
and then he gets his money back for it not being authentic ?
we have shed thousands of lives in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplished ?
i think that proably our biggest problem is that that is very rarely true .
we were a country of innovation !
mushy has to be the odds on favorite .
i can spot em a mile away .
i understand your thinking .
because it 's fun , and there are no consequences .
either way , if you fancy a chat , feel free to pm if i were you id focus on an idol .
the resolution was opposed by the obama administration .
he served three years in lock up , now he is on one year house arrest and ten years probation .
the rest of the world knows the same .
but look at the other side .
i agree with there goes trouble .
this is totally unacceptable !
it 's not healthy for our nation .
i thought this would be a good time for a meeting thread to exchange information and to remenisce .
what have they done to deserve this ?
your life 's goal is to amount to a hill of beans .
it may not have been common , but it doesn 't have to be a long process .
are you just in denial ?
this is why homosexuality is a great harm to our society .
coming from the west isn 't usually too terrible .
and it got there without any of the vitriol of the ows .
it displaces more water than an aircraft carrier .
one other thing , the reason why most like me think private enterprise is the only way to go now is because our govt .
we decided that i would get my scissors and cut off his extra meat ( i think we played doctor too much ) .
this i am managing -just about .
Donilon out , Rice in as Obama 's national security adviser
Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela 's death
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Guatemala overturns former dictator 's genocide conviction
Bonus-point Super Rugby win for Crusaders
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian ' Provocation'
North Korea shoots 2 rockets
Italy 's Renzi sworn in as prime minister
Prince Charles ' compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
Iran decries extensive massacre in Egypt
Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
Hunt still on for 40 missing in Canada train blaze
Explosion near Damascus military airport
Israel escalates Gaza offensive , casualties mount
Nigeria Islamists kill 9 students in school attack
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
New Zealand , West Indies ODI rained out
Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
Germany offers help in destroying Syria weapons
Egypt : Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran 's Nuclear Program
Algeria 's President Bouteflika in hospital
AP Source : US Forces Take Al-Qaida Leader in Libya
ElBaradei not confirmed as Egypt PM
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
US drone kills 18 in NW Pakistan
Israel bolsters forces along volatile Gaza border
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Strong Iran quake kills child , causes damage
Abbas accepts resignation of Palestinian peace negotiator Shtayyeh
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Stocks to watch on Monday
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Italian premier to be sworn in today
Is Ukraine really on brink of civil war ?
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
Egypt 's turmoil deepens as Sinai attack kills 25 policemen
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM , Islamists cry foul
EDL leaders arrested on way to Woolwich
HC advises actors Mohan Babu , Brahmanandam to return Padma Shri
Man who set himself on fire on National Mall in DC dies
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
Hollywood star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Blast in northern Syria kills 6
Iran ' cautiously optimistic ' about future nuclear talks
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Syrian opposition sets Assad 's departure precondition for Geneva talks
Chinese search plane finds ' suspicious objects'
Pakistan frees FBI agent on bail
Snowden 's hits hurdles in search for asylum
Trending news across China , Sept 15
Today in History , April 4
Surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect awaits charges
4 killed in building collapse in southern India
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Chris Froome 's ' Monumental ' Tour De France Win
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Signal detected in MH370 search ‚ Äėconsistent ‚ Äô with black box
UK bids farewell to ' Iron Lady ' Margaret Thatcher
Angelina Jolie undergoes double mastectomy
Matt Smith quits BBC 's Doctor Who
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Official announcement : Rowhani wins Iran presidential election , says Minister
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
Shehla Raza takes oath as Sindh Assembly deputy speaker
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
Lawyer killed in boating accident
Egypt ‚ Äôs Sisi sworn in as president
China 's economic growth rebounds to 7.8 % in latest quarter
Bananas thrown at Italy 's first black minister Cecile Kyenge
Gunmen ' Kill 15 ' In Second Kenya Attack
Homes denies Mantel literary treble
American football player Aaron Hernandez charged with murder
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
The Note 's Must-Reads for Tuesday September 10 , 2013
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Eurozone unemployment hits record 12.1 % in March
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Zimbabwe ‚ Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe ‚ Äôs election win
Noise Is No. 1 Quality-of-Life Complaint in NYC
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Malaysian plane shot down over Ukraine
Israeli leader to keep hard-line in peace talks
Turkish Court Orders Halt to Twitter Ban
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
South Africa 's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Defence in ferry trial warns of scapegoating
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Churchill 's youngest child Lady Soames dies aged 91
Israel allows Palestinian prisoner release
Afghanistan prepares for second round of presidential elections
World Briefing | Asia : Myanmar : Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
The Note 's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29 , 2013
4 dead , 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
2 killed , dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
NYPD 's twitter campaign backfires
Police : 19 hurt in NOLA Mother 's Day shooting
Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy , 27 dead
Nadal 's Injury Jinx Continues in Australian Open
Jonathan to attend Mandela ‚ Äôs memorial service
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Margaret Thatcher helped prevent ' devastating race war ' in South Africa , former president says
France and US shun Iran on Syria peace talks
Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Pakistani teen girl survives attempted ' honour killing'
Baftas 2013 : Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Titanic violin sells for $ 1.7 million
Latest Storm to Bring More Snow to East Coast
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $ 9.5 bn
Two dead in twin explosions at Boston Marathon
EU leaders give thumbs up to Juncker , Britain isolated
Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚ Äėtitillating ‚ Äô reports at hacking trial
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
India Ink : Image of the Day : January 27
Bangladesh executes opposition leader
Daughter and son-in-law accused of murdering elderly couple found buried in back garden after vanishing 15 years ago are remanded in custody
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
Cory Monteith found dead : Canadian ‚ ÄėGlee ‚ Äô star was 31
Al-Qaida gunmen take over military base in Yemen
British comedian Felix Dexter dies of cancer
BEIRUT : Lebanon 's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday , including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
Iran has 18,000 centrifuges , 10,000 already active
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
Three killed , five wounded in Myrtle Beach shootings
Turkey 's PM Warns Against Protests
US , China set the stage for Obama-Xi meet
US issues global travel alert , cites al-Qaida threat
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Iranian media praises heated presidential debate
Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood a " terrorist group "
Michelle Obama to appear on ' Parks and Recreation'
Israel Releases 26 Palestinian Prisoners
Kenya forces battle to end mall siege
Pakistan condemns terrorist attack in China
White House says DPRK has no nuclear missile capability
Singapore stocks end down 0.45 %
World 's oldest ever man dies aged 116
mobile world congress future smartphone
Seven killed in Karachi twin blasts
Statement by the President on Ukraine
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
3 bombs explode in southern Thailand ; 27 hurt
Israel eases curbs on building materials for Gaza
Ariel Castro pleads not guilty to rape and kidnap
Afghans line up to vote in presidential runoff
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
BlackBerry loses $ 965M in 2nd quarter
China sends carrier to South China Sea
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Bartoli routs Lisicki to win Wimbledon tennis title
Merkel : Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
One dead , 77 hurt in riot at Papua New Guinea immigration centre
Belgium King Albert II ' to abdicate'
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Roadside bomb ' kills eight Afghan soldiers'
11 killed as bus falls into ravine in northern Pakistan
Egypt army moves against Brotherhood
Swiss cast ballots on world 's highest minimum wage
Rudd sworn in as Australia 's new Prime Minister
Come and get me , says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
Cameron hails first same-sex marriages in Britain
British tourist trampled to death by elephant
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
National elections set for 7 May 2014
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
What the Papers Say , July 19 , 2013
Coronation Street stars hail ' amazing ' new set
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Oscar Pistorius ' asked friend to take blame for restaurant shooting ' ‚ Äď video
Wife : Mandela is responding to treatment .
Two arrested in India for gang rape of Danish tourist
Singapore stocks close 0.25 pct lower
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
Israeli air strike on sourthern Gaza town kills seven
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
French-Made Warship Destined for Russia Sets Sail
China yuan strengthens to 6.1767 against USD
Six U.S. soldiers killed in helicopter crash in Afghanistan
Suicide car bomb kills 12 in northern Iraq
A New iPad Is Coming
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
China Rights Lawyers Harassed by About 200 Thugs
New Syrian Airstrikes Kill at Least 15 in Aleppo
FORMULA 1 : Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
Earthquake death toll rises to 260
Netanyahu 's bureau chief steps down
Huge explosion as freight train derails near Baltimore
David Beckham Retires From Football
Roadside bomb ' kills eight Afghan soldiers'
China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
Bombings and a shooting kill 8 in Iraq
North Korea 's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
Live Blog : George Zimmerman Not Guilty
China no longer top investment destination : poll
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
Israeli killed in West Bank attack
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Police fire tear gas at protesters
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
North Korea warns foreigners in South Korea to evacuate
Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
Hollande says schoolgirl may return to France after expulsion
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Forum urges stable relations for China , Japan
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
'Never , ever give up ' : Diana Nyad completes historic Cuba-to-Florida swim
Bernie 's Sports Focus 2nd January 2014
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Two bombs strike Boston marathon
South Sudan ( Republic of ) : South Sudan ‚ Äôs Kiir declares a state of emergency in Jonglei and Unity states
Foreign ministers to meet over Ukraine crisis
Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Oil prices extend falls amid US shutdown
35 killed , 138 wounded in wave of attacks in Iraq
Broadcaster David Frost dies
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
US Stocks Slip Early Ahead of Earnings Reports
Chinese court agrees to Bo Xilai appeal
Japan Election : Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
Turkey : Police Fire Tear Gas At Protesters
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Thirteen dead after Nari slams into Philippines
Netanyahu Meets Pope , Talks Tough on Iran
Sabrina Moss : Man , 22 , charged with murdering nursery teacher gunned down while celebrating birthday
Weapons experts leave Syria , U.S. prepares attack
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Crane collapse kills 4 in NE China
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 9 a.m .
France to shut far-right group after student death
New Tornado Emergency in Oklahoma City
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
17 Hurt at New Orleans Parade Shooting
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Court to hear Bo Xilai appeal
Iran says it test-fires new land-to-sea missile in Gulf
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $ 3 billion
Rabbi Ovadia Yosef , kingmaker of Israeli politics , dies at 93
US existing-home sales dip in February
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Mandela 's condition ' still critical'
Syria : Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Hamas agrees to 24-hour holiday truce in Gaza war after Israel resumes fighting
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Southwest Jet 's Nose Gear Landed First
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Woman Loses Arm in Shark Attack off Maui
occupied Palestinian territory : Protection of Civilians Weekly Report
Hollande condemns Ukraine referendums as ' null and void'
Obama to name Susan Rice as national security adviser
Indian stocks open lower
Former Israeli prime minister Ariel Sharon dies , aged 85
India Ink : Image of the Day : April 21
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
China launches first moon rover mission
EU finance ministers ‚ Äô talks b ...
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75 %
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
Neymar out of World Cup
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Syria opposition agrees to Geneva peace talks
'15 killed ' as Egyptian forces clear pro-Morsi camps in Cairo
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
US Evacuates Embassy in Libya Amid Unrest
South Korea ferry captain arrested
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan : Police
Hackney shooting : Teenager Shereka Marsh ' bled to death after being shot in neck'
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Taiwan stocks close 0.34 pct lower
Fighting continues despite Ukraine ceasefire
Tropical Storm Fernand hits Mexico , dumps rain
China sends aid team to Philippines
Turkish police clash with protesters for 2nd day
Manila to increase counter-terror team
France loses influence in Europe
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Australia supports revision of Japanese constitution
Britain 's debt timebomb : Nine million are in ' serious debt'
Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls ' march of anger'
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Five killed by bomb blast in East India
Ariel Sharon dies aged 85
A new Cold War ?
Soldier and civilian killed in clashes in Lebanon 's Tripoli
Brazil hires 4,000 Cuban doctors
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Spanish train driver held on suspicion of negligent homicide
Is Fed ready to begin the great taper ? Markets say yes
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Scientists grow mini ' human brain ' in the lab
France ex-president Sarkozy charged with corruption
Cuba 's ' Ladies ' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire at London Heathrow airport
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
Afghan Official Says 2,000 Missing After Landslide
Snowden 's latest offer of asylum comes from Bolivia
Israel approves release of 104 Palestinian prisoners
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Assault on Iraq funeral , other attacks kill 96
Syria and Iran Step Up Involvement in Iraq Conflict
Oklahoma City Airport Evacuated During Tornado ...
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
World mourns passing of Mandela
Israel to free 104 Palestinians in peace talks : PM
Palestinian envoy killed in Prague blast
Rogers names Vodafone UK chief as new CEO
EU put Hezbollah military wing on terrorism blacklist
Death toll in Turkish bombings rises to 46
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Israel widens settlement subsidies
Suicide bomber kills eight Kurdish security forces personnel in Iraq
North , South Korea agree to talks
Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Scores killed in Iraq attacks
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
Muslim Brotherhood supporters , opponents clash nationwide
Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
Mandela in ‚ Äėcritical but stable ‚ Äô condition
US intelligence still indecisive whether chemical weapons were used in Damascus suburbs
What the Papers Say Sept . 26 , 2013
Wall Street rises at open on data , Washington eyed
Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue , say they 're mocked
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
Snowden ' quits Hong Kong for Moscow'
Air strike kills one civilian in Syria 's Deraa
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Lebanon hopes Geneva II conference initiate political solution on Syria
Djokovic , Nadal to vie for French Open semi berth
Many killed in Syrian air strike
T.B Joshua reveals fate of missing Malaysian plane
Images of Boston Marathon bomb suspects released
Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
German police foil far-right ' model plane bomb plot'
California wildfires strengthened by winds as hundreds are evacuated
Brazil 's Congress approves internet legislation
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
Berlusconi accused of bribing witnesses in prostitution trial
US condemns Afghan prisoner release
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
The Note 's Must-Reads for Tuesday , October 8 , 2013
France arrests man in soldier 's stabbing
Canadians released in Egypt , not yet heading home
1,900 killed in Syria while Geneva talks remain deadlocked
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
North Korea Blocks South Koreans from Factory Zone
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚ Äėpariah state ‚ Äô
Abbas accepts resignation of Rami Hamdallah
BlackBerry loses $ 965M in 2nd quarter
Colombia too slick for Greece
Pakistan Says Air Strikes Kill At Least 60 Militants
Tornadoes hit Kan . , Okla . ; no injuries reported
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
9 shot dead in Xinjiang police station attack
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
Nigeria reviewing ' all options ' over kidnapped girls
GM recalls about 60,000 Saturn Aura cars
Children Die In Neighbour 's New York Pool
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Black Voters Are Key to a Colbert Busch Win in South Carolina
Obama Makes Surprise Visit To Afghanistan
Japanese PM escapes injury in 5-car collision
Pakistan 's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Barack Obama drops meeting with Vladimir Putin over Ed Snowden affair
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
Egypt 's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood , supporters
2 killed , 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Outrage After Indian Girl , 6 , Raped at Her School
Egypt 's Brotherhood holds Day of Rage rallies
Building collapses claim lives in India
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Several killed and scores injured in Germany bus crash
Two killed as fierce overnight storms batter Britain
World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Ukraine crisis : This is the de-facto annexation of Crimea
Germany Summons U.S. Envoy over Merkel Phone Spy Claims
Military holds upper hand in Egypt
Uneasy calm returns to Turkey 's protest square
Five dead in Canada train crash
Flesh-eating bacteria amputee Aimee Copeland uses new bionic hands
Mainland 's Taiwan affairs chief concludes epochmaking island visit
Bin Laden 's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
All sailors on board Indian submarine ' feared dead'
Obama takes ' selfie ' at Mandela 's funeral service
Death toll from Egypt clashes rises to 57
Two Canadians released from prison in Egypt
Two dead , as Egyptians clash ahead of rallies
Children and adults injured in car crash outside primary school new Nine injured after car overturns near school in Wales .
Obama meets Israeli , Palestinian negotiators
Leading Egyptian Activist Turns Himself in Cairo
Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
China manufacturing expands in September
Wave of bombings kills 50 in Iraq
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
Facebook to test mobile payments service
Today in History , April 23
Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation : what will it mean ?
Three women missing for decade found alive in US
Botulism scare triggers recall
Second attack at Karachi airport
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
Inside Iran 's Presidential Election and Beyond
Air strike kills eight civilians in Syria 's Homs
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
California gay marriage fight may continue
Eurozone unemployment hit record 12.2 % in September
Former Pakistan army chief charged in Bhutto death
World Briefing | The Americas : Brazil : Arrests Begin in Vote-Fraud Case
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Sewol ferry disaster : Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
Boko Haram video said to show kidnapped Nigerian girls
US actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in New York
Egypt court sentences 529 Morsi supporters to death
Nelson Mandela 's condition improves
Six killed in US building collapse
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
In Kenya , attackers used ' less is more ' strategy
Islamists lead protests against US drone strikes in Pakistan
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia 's Kuril Islands
Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
SUV crash near Tiananmen Square kills 5
Button hits back at Dennis criticisms
Nevada : 2 dead , 2 hurt in middle school shooting
Death toll in Goa building collapse rises to 17
CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Prince George christened in London
Monty Python to reunite on stage
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt on Wednesday
The Lede : Video : Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Egypt holding key vote on constitution
Iran , world powers agree nuclear deal
Obama shakes hands with Cuba 's Castro at Mandela memorial
China culling birds as flu toll rises to 6
China , Singapore vow to further deepen cooperation
Bangladesh opposition set for mass rally
Obama Makes Surprise Visit To Afghanistan
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Zimbabwe : ' Grave Concerns ' Over Election
Indian stocks open higher
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
5 things you need to know on Friday
Southwest flights delayed , canceled after computer glitch
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar ; no injuries
Egypt Brotherhood deputy leader Shater arrested
Chinese shares close higher Monday
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Arizona wildfire that killed 19 Hotshots now contained
Iranian president ready for nuclear negotiations
Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Philippines Detains 11 Chinese Fishermen
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Israel Accuses Syria of Using Chemical Weapons
Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq , kills 15
Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
Eleven dead in Belgian plane crash
Pakistan 's Musharraf on the run after arrest order
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
Five dead in Indonesian eruption
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Prince George christened in London
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
Update 2 : 78 killed in Spanish train disaster
French Soldier Stabbed In Neck In Paris
Venezuela offers " humanitarian asylum " to Snowden
Full text : China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Russia says ballistic ' objects ' fired in Mediterranean
Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Pro-Russia rally held in Simferopol , capital of Ukraine
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Thai bonds best in region
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
Christie investigation heats up
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Bangladesh factory collapse death toll hits 1,021
Nelson Mandela hospitalized with lung infection
Hospital : Ariel Sharon 's health worsens
Berlusconi ministers resign ; Italy gov 't in crisis
Obama and O 'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents ' Dinner
Iran : Nuclear deal to be implemented on January 20
A million protest in Brazil 's cities
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
White House condemns violence in Egypt
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
Jiroemon Kimura : World 's oldest person dies aged 116
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Cyprus finance minister resigns
South Korea ferry : Transcript reveals evacuation panic
Death toll in Madhya Pradesh temple stampede climbs to 115
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall , Flown to Hospital
4 killed in Pakistan blasts
Putin signs a treaty for Crimea to join Russia
Iran diplomat : progress being made in expert-level talks
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
President mourns death of Mandela
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
Man arrested over attack on French soldier
Mainland 's Taiwan affairs chief concludes epochmaking island visit
US ' deeply disturbed ' by Chinese dissident 's death
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict ( July 31 ‚ Äď August 6 , 2013 )
38 bodies of victims identified
Tokyo stocks close 0.49pc lower
Ark. high court again suspends gay marriage
UN Chief : Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
Chinese stocks open lower Thursday
Bo Xilai indicted for corruption
Iran 's nuclear quest ' has cost Tehran over $ 100 billion'
German factory orders rebound in January
Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Kerry warns Indonesia of climate change
Iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks
Russia warns of " catastrophe " if N Korea restarts reactor
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Uganda 's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine : FM
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
10 killed as Insurgent violence returns to Pakistan
Russia Doubts Mid-November Date for Syria Peace Talks
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Rock Bands ' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill .
Malaysia set for landmark general election
Egypt 's Brotherhood calls for ' day of anger'
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
Australian ship trawls for signals from missing Malaysia plane
Algeria : Belaid says he will continue presidential campaign
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
At least 64 killed across country in Egypt clashes
US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
3 Palestinians released from Israeli prisons
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Palestinians : We Don 't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Syria FM : We will stop producing chemical weapons
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Blasts kill 27 outside two mosques in Lebanon 's Tripoli
Dog Mauls Baby Girl To Death In Blackburn
Roma couple charged with abducting ' blonde angel'
China vows to continue fight against terrorism
Pakistan : Dozens killed in strikes on militants
Seamus Heaney , Irish poet and Nobel winner , dies at 74
Mosque stormed as Egypt 's generals plan to outlaw Muslim Brotherhood
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
Two Japanese ministers visit Yasukuni shrine
Iraqi forces , militants battle for Iraq refinery
Thousands protest against austerity in Italy , Portugal
World Cup live : France 0-0 Germany
Israel pounds Gaza as Hamas flexes rocket reach
World 's first state-licensed marijuana retailers open doors in Colorado
Channel tragedy ' one mile from end ' A British woman who died while attempting to swim the English Channel for charity collapsed just one mile from the French coast .
Three dead as Cambodian police open fire on protesters
Senate , House on collision course on border money
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
US Secretary of State John Kerry ‚ Äôs wife rushed to hospital
Conservative opposition wins Australian election
Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
India oil minister slammed for plan to shut petrol stations at night
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
Two bombs strike Boston marathon
Mother held over daughter 's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats .
North Korea Offers Talks : Complex May Re-Open
Stocks edge higher as US service sector improves
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital 's Old City
Israeli authorities raze Palestinian home in Arraba
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Israel boosts settlements , fuelling Palestinian fears
One week later : Boston honors bombing victims ; suspect unable to speak
US tourist gang-raped in northern India : Police
Winter weather blasts U.S. northeast
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
San Francisco plane crash : Survivor could see runway through hole in tail
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
European Central bank keeps interest rate at 0.5 %
Oil rig spat : Beijing not to send army
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un ' uncle
Merkel to attend World Cup final
Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
NATO : 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Mandela remains in ' intensive care'
Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Ally of Georgia 's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
World news briefs ‚ ÄĒ compiled May 1
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
China expands search area for missing plane
61 people missing after boat sinks off Western Malaysia
Car bombs kill 26 in Iraqi capital
Syria opposition voices frustration with international backers
Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia , fourth test - tea
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
India Ink : Image of the Day : January 16
Storm Chasers Among Those Killed in Oklahoma
EU states to decide on arming Syrian rebels
Eurozone cuts growth forecast for 2014
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
Darren Lehmann replaces Mickey Arthur as Australia 's Ashes coach
MH17 crash : Black boxes arrive in the UK from Ukraine for analysis
At Least One Student Killed in Clashes With Police in Cairo
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
When is Prince George 's christening ? Baptism plan , royal baby 's godparents and all the details
What the Papers Say , Nov. 19 , 2013
China yuan strengthens to 6.1767 against USD
Australia rejects Qantas loan request
Malaysia Airlines : Investigators conclude Flight MH 370 hijacked
Google redesigns search results on PCs
Egypt court acquits 155 arrested after Cairo protests
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
John Kerry Says Saudi King Abdullah Backs Israeli-Palestinian Push
Protest leader Navalny goes on trial in Russia
Egyptian Amb : Muslim Brotherhood Should ' Join the Process'
The Note 's Must-Reads for Tuesday , October 8 , 2013
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
US issues global alert , citing Qaeda threats
North and South Korea break their silence with talks
All gunmen in attack on Afghan presidential palace killed
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Gunmen kill two in attack on Kenyan church
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Manchester City win English Premier League title
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Oil slips below $ 108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
5 Snowboarders Killed in Colorado Avalanche
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
Obama 's day : Prime time on Syria
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
China stocks close lower on Thursday
Obama postpones Asia trip over govt shutdown
Court orders political ban on Italy ‚ Äôs Berlusconi
Jewels worth ‚ ā ¨ 40m stolen in Cannes
Ukraine opposition urges more stand-offs
Pro-Russian Protesters Storm Police Station in Ukraine as Kiev Urges U.N. over unrest
WHO : New virus can probably pass person to person
Chinese shares close higher Monday
Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚ Äėserious but stable ‚ Äô condition
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
Search Resumes for Missing Malaysian Jet
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt clashes
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚ Äď live !
Indonesia Confronts Australian Ambassador on Reports of Spying
Business news and markets : as it happened , June 20 , 2013
Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
Ariel Sharon dies aged 85 : Former Israeli Prime Minister passes away after organ failure following eight-year coma
China seeking foreign counterterror experts
Israel Approves Release of Palestinian Prisoners , Peace Talks
Worker : San Diego Mayor Made Suggestive Comments
Germany backs G20 statement on Syria a day late
Iran , world powers pledge new nuclear talks
35 militants killed in Afghan raids : official
10 Things to Know for Tuesday
Oscar Pistorius ' psychiatric evaluation to start Monday
Ukraine faces more violence as ultimatum nears end
Israel to free Palestinian prisoners over Kerry talks
Roadside bomb wounds provincial governor in northern Afghanistan
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
Coronation St star Le Vell cleared Coronation Street actor Michael Le Vell has been found not guilty by a jury of child sex offences .
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
10 die in attacks in Afghanistan
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 5.00pm
At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Libyan Prime Minister Reported Kidnapped By Armed Men
Malaysia elections : Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
China yuan retreats to 6.1729 against USD Wednesday
Google begins launching Internet-beaming balloons
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $ 1.1 Billion
India voters kick off world ‚ Äôs biggest election
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
Bangladesh police arrest 3 atheist bloggers
Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
Philippines and rebels reach ' wealth deal'
Texas senator filibusters against abortion bill
Margaret Thatcher Dies at 87
Turkish FM slams military intervention in Egypt
Search narrowed for missing man
Pro-Russians protesters storm Donetsk prosecutor 's office in eastern Ukraine
Uganda 's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
Champions Trophy : India v South AfricaLive
Pope Francis announces first visit to Holy Land
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Suicide blast in central Somalia kills 15
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
Afghan politician defects to Taliban
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
Wallenda to cross gorge near Grand Canyon on wire
At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
3 killed , 24 injured in NW China coach blast
Cameron ' seriously concerned ' over Gibraltar events
Winter Storm Janus : State-by-State ...
Voting ends in Afghanistan ‚ Äôs presidential and municipal elections
Car bombs kill 54 in Shi 'ite districts of Baghdad
China yuan strengthens to 6.1542 against USD
Iraqi officials : 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Soldiers killed by Lebanon car bomb
Rebels likely downed jet ' by mistake'
Boxing : Pacquiao spends night with Philippine typhoon victims
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
UK sends warship to aid Philippines
Muslims pray for end to divisions
Mile-wide tornado heads toward Oklahoma City
Separatists down Ukraine military plane , several dead
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Obama 's tarnished health care law at a crossroads
Iran tries to prevent military strike on Syria
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
Ukraine threatens to seize Russian assets
Long-delayed Syria peace talks to open in Montreux
GE posts 9 % profit drop for third quarter
Pressure mounts to free kidnapped girls
10 Things to Know for Today
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Israeli forces issue 4 demolition orders in Jerusalem
Speech : The internet and pornography : Prime Minister calls for action
Putin opens Winter Paralympics
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
US soldier freed in Afghanistan , 5 Taliban prisoners leave Guantanamo
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
U.S. war hero Louis Zamperini , inspiration for ' Unbroken , ' dead at 97
China ships enter waters off disputed islands
Bank of England keeps low interest rates to support economy new
US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
N. Korea hails test of ' breakthrough ' guided missile
Kerry plan to include prisoner release , settlement freeze
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Microsoft And Office In A Multi-Platform World
Turkish police fire tear gas as Kurds protest against Syria wall
Police ' fire teargas at protesters ' in Tunisia
Turkey 's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Egypt 's Mubarak to be released , put under house arrest
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Obama to meet with Mandela family
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Margaret Thatcher 's funeral procession underway
Royal visit : Prince William and Catherine visit Parliament in Canberra tour
Two hurt in US school shooting
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
At least 40 killed by 11 Baghdad car bombs
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Two killed in San Francisco plane crash ' were Chinese'
Stock futures slide on Syria tension , J.C. Penney shares fall
Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Everest avalanche kills 12 guides
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
News Corp. ' s Rupert Murdoch files for divorce from wife Wendi
Australia cuts interest rates to record low
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
Violence forces Libya Prime Minister to step down
IMF rep among 14 killed in Kabul blast
CCTV : York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
El-Sissi Inaugurated as Egypt 's President
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Russia to file piracy charges against Greenpeace
Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
Clashes rage in Syria as US pushes peace talks
Syria offers concessions ahead of Geneva peace talks
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Security video shows Kenyan soldiers looting mall
Pope hits out at ‚ Äėwar to sell arms ‚ Äô in Syria
Death toll hits 72 in Mumbai building collapse
Canada promises $ 5-million in typhoon relief
China 's head of state assets regulator under probe for " discipline violation "
Pakistan power crisis looms large over election
Manufacturing hits seven-month low in China
Lebanon clashes rage near mosque ; 16 soldiers dead
Mother-of-two , 25 , found dead in her home by relatives as police name hunt for ex-boyfriend after launching murder inquiry
Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Pakistan 's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
Syria 's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
Fresh corruption claims on Qatar World Cup
Guatemala 's former leader found guilty of genocide
India ‚ Äôs march to Mars
Israel 's West Bank control ' costing Palestinian economy billions'
Chinese shares rally Wednesday
Syrian mortars land in Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , Israel retaliates
Toyota , 3 other Japan carmakers to recall 3.4m vehicles over airbag
Six dead , dozens trapped in Indian building collapse
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Somalia gang rape victim accuses AU force
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
Arrested Briton ' not significant ' to Kenya attack probe
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
5.2-magnitude quake hits Papua , Indonesia
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
Iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Additional aid approved for Texas fertilizer plant blast
Hot Air Balloon ' Catches Fire And Crashes'
Mourinho to take Round 1
World unites for Mandela memorial
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
China stock index futures open mixed Friday
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Anger in Dhaka as death toll climbs
What the Papers Say , Oct. 10 , 2013
Three killed , six injured in Afghan blasts
2 Turkish airline pilots kidnapped by gunmen in Lebanon
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Strong earthquake felt in Los Angeles
Former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon dies
China urges Japan to maintain regional peace
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
Huge tornado strikes near Oklahoma City
6 injured in clashes with Israeli forces near Bethlehem
US praises Ukraine deal ; calls for concrete action
Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
Cambodian rivals edge closer to deal over disputed poll
five men sentenced for costa concordia shipwreck disaster
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
Deal curbing Iran nuclear drive to take effect Jan 20
Telstra applies to list China site in NY
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
Malaysia : France has images of possible jet debris
Nine killed in Baghdad car bomb attacks
Peru protesters clash with police
Alibaba files for New York IPO
North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
15 killed , 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Iraq holds first polls since US pullout as attacks rise
Iran upbeat on ' useful ' expert-level nuke talks
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
Ukraine 's top court dismisses Crimea 's independence as " unconstitutional "
UN urges support for Syria opposition
Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Gunmen abduct Iranian embassy worker in Yemen
Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
Bernanke stimulus boost to markets
Blast in popular Baghdad coffee shop kills at least 15
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Afghan president to press for delay in US deal
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33 % higher
Iran nuclear impasse to dominat ...
43 killed , 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Indian rape accused found guilty
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Nigella Lawson ' took cocaine every day for a decade'
Car bomb kills at least 10 in central Syria
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
Snowden sees " no chance " to get fair trial in U.S .
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Brothers arrested in Mother 's Day parade shooting
State : No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
Hong Kong stocks close 0.72 % higher
Queen meets Britain 's new baby prince
Egypt ‚ Äôs Sisi paves way for presidential bid
Microsoft sees end to Nokia losses , shares rise after hours
Biden : Time for Russia to ' stop talking and start acting ' to reduce tension in Ukraine
Jordan : US Deploying Patriots , F-16s
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Chinese vice president meets U.S. delegation
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt on Wednesday
Cameron pushes U.N. resolution on Syrian chemical arms
Tunisia suspended from Davis Cup for refusing to play Israeli
Egypt Brotherhood deputy leader Shater arrested
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Wall Street ends slightly lower
Egypt court sentences 100 Brotherhood backers
Russia : Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
Aung San Suu Kyi for president in 2015 ?
Britain rejects Syria military action
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
South Africa prepares to bury Mandela
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
South Korea Says Talks With North Scrapped
Senegalese president to visit China
Five staff jailed over Costa Concordia shipwreck
In Cairo Camps , Protesters Dig in and Live On
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane ' crashes off Vietnam'
Five soldiers killed in Yemen attack
Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
China Investigates Head of Supervisory Commission
Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9 / 11 threats
Pakistani army , government at loggerheads over Taliban talks
Egypt Arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Under Terror Law
The Note 's Must-Reads for Friday , August 23 , 2013
Solar-powered plane lands near Washington
Ukraine Rebels shoot down plane carrying 49
King Felipe VI to be sworn in as Spain ‚ Äôs royals look to a new era
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Israel Agrees to Free 104 Palestinian Prisoners as Part of Possible Deal to Restart Peace Talks
US soldier freed after 5 years in captivity in Afghanistan
China news agency says Malaysia Airlines plane lost contact over Vietnam
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
UK 's Prince Philip hospitalized
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
Malaysia PM set for general election
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Five Libyan soldiers killed in Benghazi clashes
Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
North Korea urges US to take ‚ Äėreal actions ‚ Äô
Australian PM-elect Tony Abbott gets to grips with his new job
What the Papers Say , Dec. 30 , 2013
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Consumer spending up 0.2 percent in May
Scorpions drummer jailed in Dubai for ‚ Äėinsulting Islam ‚ Äô
Putin 's marriage at an end
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrian opposition offers Assad 's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
US believes Syria used chemical weapons but says facts needed
Pakistani Army Starts Offensive Against Militants
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi , says official
U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford denies crack cocaine allegations
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan : CENC
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
More carriers likely in China
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
4 Taliban members arrested in night raid operation : Afghan police
Canadian government ' monitoring ' train blast situation
Diana Nyad completes historic Cuba-Florida swim
US deploys military advisers to Somalia
Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
N. Korea test-fires 16 rockets into sea
'No plans ' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Syrian opposition : won 't attend peace talks unless goal is Assad 's exit
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
Australia PM Abbott warns of lengthy search for MH370
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
Police vow to solve shootings of 19 in New Orleans
Thai protest leader shot dead outside polling station
Israeli forces shoot , injure Bethlehem teenager
US : Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Algerians Vote in Presidential Election
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Fresh clashes erupt in Turkey
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
Syrian troops confront fierce attacks by rebels in military airport
Australia spied on Indonesia president : reports
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford : Claim he tried to buy crack video ' an outright lie'
China quake kills at least 179
Woman arrested for intrusion into Kinetic Rain sculpture at Changi Airport T1
Putin speaks on Ukraine , protesters rebuild barricades
Kerry Returns to Vietnam , Now as Top US Diplomat
Griff Rhys Jones : Mel Smith was ' a force for life'
Two dead , nine hurt in French building collapse
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
Syrian Opposition Splintered Ahead of Peace Talks
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
India Ink : Image of the Day : March 4
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden offered asylum by Venezuela , Nicaragua and now Bolivia
Nigerian military says no foreign operation by allies
U.N. to regulate global arms trade
Israeli airstrike wounds two Palestinian activists in Gaza
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan , Afghanistan
Suicide Bomber Kills 15 in Northern Iraq
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
SC 's ex-Gov . Sanford clears hurdle in comeback bid
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi , None Hurt
SA President : Mandela ' remains in a critical condition'
6 killed in Iraq 's violence
Florida appeals court overturns murder conviction of former FBI agent
35 killed , 138 wounded in wave of attacks in Iraq
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Aust shares close higher
Wall Street rises on proposal to avert Syria strikes
Sudanese protesters demand the regime 's ouster
Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Israel , Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
Death toll hits 63 in Mumbai building collapse
Austria 's ' bearded lady ' wins Eurovision Song Contest
S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners
Obama calls for calm after Zimmerman acquittal ; protests held
North Korea to restart Yongbyon nuclear reactor
Firefighters make ‚ Äėexcellent ‚ Äô progress in battling massive California wildfire
Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
In Brazil , thousands turn out to greet Pope Francis
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Pressure rises on White House over Benghazi talking points
Three killed , 21 injured in two road mishaps
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
China formalizes easing of one-child policy
Iran vote count gives Rowhani wide lead
Egypt : Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood 's HQ
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52 %
Australia : Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Crocodile victim 's body recovered
Afghan landslide death toll unlikely to rise above 500
Typhoon Haiyan : 195mph winds batter Philippines
Ten killed in new blast in Russia
British , Iranian foreign ministers to meet at UN
North Korea missile threat : latest
'Glee ' star Cory Monteith found dead
Egypt declares month-long state of emergency
Nigeria official : Gunmen kill 30 in wedding convoy
Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Pyongyang prepares for next nuclear test - media
British Police Charge Two Men with Terror Offences
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Five dead , 40 missing in Canad ...
Iran 's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
Turkish police fight protesters , clear square
HSE boss defends medical-card plan
Italy ‚ Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Fire at privately run immigration detention centre
Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances , particularly towards Palestine
Singapore stocks end up 0.16 pct
Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Tehran-London ties to improve
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
Wild fire kills 19 firefighters in Arizona
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
Syria rebels : We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Ally of Georgia 's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
North Korea fires another missile
First case of MERS , a SARS-like respiratory illness , reported in North America
On war criminals and heroes : The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Rogers , Videotron reach network-sharing , spectrum deal
Suspected US Drone Kills 2 Militants in Pakistan
Scores ' killed ' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
Syria welcomes Iran 's nuclear deal
Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
What the Papers Say , Aug. 19 , 2013
Two killed in small plane crash at U.S. air show
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Ukraine says it will not bow to Russian " provocations " in Crimea
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Asian shares climb ahead of Fed decision
Reid : Letter with ricin or poison sent to senator
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
11 children killed in Syria bombings
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Two are trapped as US building collapses
Ukraine will not give ' an inch ' over Crimea
Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
Man United hires Moyes to replace Ferguson
China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
Tropical Storm Barry weakens , dumps rain on Mexico
Japan mayor apologizes to U.S. , denies wrong words on " comfort women "
43 killed , 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
US diplomat killed in Afghanistan worked with John Kerry
Egypt 's arrest of Muslim Brotherhood supreme guide brings ban closer
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
Suicide attack at Iranian consulate in Peshawar kills two
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
Texas won 't switch execution drug
Twitter shares rocket as trading begins
Former Pakistani dictator Musharraf granted bail
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 9 a.m .
Super Typhoon Whips Philippines and Taiwan then Heads for China
Dozens dead , 1,000 injured in China quake
E China reports 4 new H7N9 cases
Australian PM Rudd calls Sept . 7 poll
Suicide car bomb kills 12 in northern Iraq
Rudd sworn in as Australia 's new Prime Minister
UK : Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Yemen drone strike kills militants
Indian submarine explodes with 18 sailors on board
Susan Boyle tells British paper she has Asperger 's
Bangladesh : Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Breakthrough deal curbs Iran 's nuclear activity
China stocks close lower on Thursday
Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
Obama in ‚ Äėdirect ‚ Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
Ukraine 's Poroshenko declares ceasefire
Berlusconi lashes out at tax fraud conviction
DC votes to decriminalize pot
Mandela spends third day in hospital
Obama : Korean War vets ‚ Äėdeserve better ‚ Äô
3 Egyptian policemen killed by gunmen in Cairo attack
North Korean intrigue : The execution of power
Russia says Syria to remove chemical weapons this month
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
Four soldiers killed in Yemen
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 Pakistani
Rudd to be sworn in as Australian prime minister
Protests Continue In Ukraine 's Capital
Stocks inch higher in early trading
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman 's trial
Brazil crowds greet Pope Francis
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Egypt postpones dispersing pro-Morsi protest camps
Two French journalists abducted , killed in Northern Mali
Bangladesh building collapse death toll tops 1,000
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
Boston bombing suspect buried
Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon , Syria
Toll from India building collapse hits 25
Ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Ukraine 's opposition chief wants more protests
At least 8 injured in large Boston blaze
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
US Government Shutdown : Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border , Official Says
Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
Teen survives five-hour flight to Hawaii ' in airplane wheel well'
Rahul Gandhi compares Narendra Modi to Hitler
Arsenal great Rice in hospital with cancer
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update : 3.00pm
One injured in Methodist Church building collapse
Bitterly fought India election campaign enters final day
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
Egypt 's draft constitution goes to interim president
Halfway through : Abdullah Abdullah leads Ashraf Ghani by 11 percent after partial count
Drone strike kills dozen in Pakistan
Glasgow Helicopter Crash : Woman PC Is Victim
Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Taiwan stocks end 0.68 pct lower
Israeli army hunts teens missing in West Bank
Six dead in Philippines bomb blast
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
Gunmen kill Libyan deputy industry minister
Quotations of the day
Foreign exchange rates in India
US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
Ukraine to repeal anti-protest laws
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
Quake hits Japan , no tsunami warning
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
Eurozone crisis live : German parliament approves Cyprus bailout
'Iron Man ' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
France urges EU to be united on Syria
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance , says mother
Hundreds die in massive Afghan landslide
Abdullah leading in Afghan presidential elections
China 's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
Ukraine 's acting president convenes Security Council over unrests in southeast
China stocks close lower on Thursday
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Libya 's foreign ministry cut off by armed men , official says
Man , 40 , arrested after shooting
MH370 search yet to target most likely crash site , says British firm Inmarsat
China growth slows to 75 in AprilJune govt
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Kerry Joins European Officials at Iran Nuclear Talks
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
Classic crossword - Friday 31st May
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
WTO achieves historic trade deal in Bali
Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
N Korea ' fires 100 shells ' into the sea
US Senate panel approves use of force against Syria
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
Syria missile kills 26 , including 8 kids
Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
44 killed , 133 wounded in Iraq 's violence
Junta Expects Next Thai Elections in October 2015
At least 350 dead as landslides swamp village
Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
India Ink : Image of the Day : May 2
Bachelet set for big win in Chile 's 2-woman poll showdown
13 foreigners among 21 killed in Kabul restaurant attac ...
Paul Walker dead : Fast and Furious star , 40 , killed in car crash
US drone strike kills 4 in NW Pakistan
Chemical-weapons team attacked in Syria ; all members safe
Hushen 300 Index ends higher Monday
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Mursi , Egypt army ready to die in ' Final Hours ' showdown
Iran to build 2nd nuclear power plant
Pakistani Taliban ' elect new chief ' , vow ' unprecedented ' revenge
Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
Israel And Hamas ' Accept Temporary Truce'
South Africans Embark on Day of ‚ ÄėPrayer and Reflection ‚ Äô for Mandela
China Rushes Relief After Sichuan Quake Kills 188
UN Chemical Arms Experts To Visit Syria
Russia says Syria to remove chemical weapons this month
Wave of car bombs , other attacks kill 31 in Iraq
China 's online population rises to 618 mln
5 die in Christian-Muslim clashes in Egypt
Iraq crisis : Tony Blair rejects ' bizarre ' claims 2003 invasion caused current situation
Four dead in North Sea oil industry helicopter crash
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
Minister 's wife 's death ' unnatural'
China set to overtake US as world 's biggest goods trader
Erdogan slams top court for lifting Twitter ban
4 dead , 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
Egypt Postpones Dispersing Pro-Morsi Protest Camps
'Ready to go home : ' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
02 : 41 156 killed in China earthquake
Afghan president delays signing US deal
Labour 's 50p tax rate : what you need to know
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
New Iran nuclear talks probably in November : report
FM Spokeswoman : Iran against US military interference in Iraq
Doctors Without Borders Expelled From Myanmar
US Refueling Plane Crashes in Kyrgyzstan
Boeing 777 plane crash-lands at San Francisco airport
Israel allows Palestinian prisoner release
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
China successfully launches manned spacecraft
US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Jodi Arias jury deadlocks on penalty
Today in History , Feb. 19
Tutu says will attend Mandela funeral
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Venezuela Government , Opposition Head for Showdown
California Chrome wins Preakness , moves one win from Triple Crown
Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall , Flown to Hospital
Police fire teargas , water cannon at Istanbul protesters
Egypt Changes Venue for Trial of Ousted President
Cop killed near Boston , link to bombing unclear
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
00 : 00 Syrian troops capture fabled Crusader castle
5th victim of Santa Monica shooting dies
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela 's presidency
Shanghai stock indices close higher -- July 23
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Strong quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Japan : World 's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
Saudi Arabia Turns Down UN Security Council Spot
11 killed in twin Iraq suicide bombings
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Europe floods continue to create havoc
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
Deaths rise in air strikes on Gaza
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
Palestinian killed in Israeli raid
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Iran nuclear experts , world powers to resume talks next week
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Spain Gambles on Costa in 23-Man World Cup Squad
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Indian stocks close lower
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
Magnitude-5.1 quake hits southern Iran -- USGS
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
Foreign exchange rates in Hong Kong
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Luxembourg votes after spying row
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Amazon 's Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
occupied Palestinian territory : The EU , Denmark , Ireland , Italy , Luxembourg and The Netherlands make a ‚ ā ¨ 16.4 million contribution to the Palestinian Authority 's payment of April salaries and pensions
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
Syria peace talks delayed again
7 Things to Know About Ethanol
China yuan slightly advances to 6.1408 against USD Wednesday
China 's stocks close lower on Monday
William Hague : US decision to halt missile test ' sensible'
Fire in Beijing kills ten
Nigeria offers 300000 reward for information on kidnapped girls
Maldives presidential candidate refuses to take part in key run-off
Japan : World 's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
IAF jets strike Gaza after rocket fire
Vybz Kartel : Jamaican dancehall star found guilty of murder
India , China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
US drone strike in Pakistan kills five
Chemical weapons watchdog wins Nobel Peace prize
White House says Syria uses chemical weapons in conflict
One dead , 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
Boeing 777 crashes while landing at San Francisco airport
FINALLY : Microsoft touts Office for iPad ‚ Äď but there 's a catch
Heavy Smog Hits North China City , Flights Canceled
'Prince William more popular than Queen , Charles'
India on red alert as " super cyclone " nears east coast
Russia says ballistic ' objects ' fired in Mediterranean
Egypt Islamists defiant after deadly clashes
Syria chemical arms production equipment destroyed
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man ‚ Äôs Death
China : Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists , 1 Pakistani
Stolen skulls found in home museum
Bad Weather Arrives in Time for Thanksgiving Travel
Led Zeppelin to be sued over Stairway to Heaven
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
At least 1 dead , 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
President George W. Bush has stent procedure
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe 's war shrine visit angers neighbours
Rugby fan dies after Scotland v England match
Global brands commit to Bangladesh safety after collapse
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
Shenzhen stock indices close higher -- July 23
World Cup live : Germany 0-0 Ghana
Egyptian security forces arrest Brotherhood leaders ' son
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Firefighters perish in Arizona blaza
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief ' set to take place'
09 : 32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
Indian media reports : 18 killed in Mumbai stampede
Mandela in ‚ Äėcritical but stable ‚ Äô condition
France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
Brazil leader breaks silence about protests
Two die in Mumbai building collapse
China demands explanation from US on Huawei spying report
China 's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
Thailand 's opposition Democrat Party announces boycott of February general election
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
12 killed in attack on Indian consulate in Afghan city
Janet Yellen : Five things you might not know
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
Pakistan 's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Old TV alignments crack at the edges
UN : Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
UN chief withdraws invitation for Iran to join Syria peace talks
Police : Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Malawi 's new president sworn in after disputed elections
British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
Rouhani becomes new Iranian president
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
Typhoon Haiyan : world sends relief to battered Philippines
Newspapers Review : Nakba Day Events Focus of Dailies
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Massive hunt for gunmen after cop killed , another kidnapped during Sabah shootout
Death toll hits 72 in Mumbai building collapse
Crimean parliament formally applies to join Russia
Syria 's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
Crimea parliament votes to join Russia
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
S. Korean president ' sorry ' for ferry disaster
'Rapid inspection ' of Britain 's flood defences
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
a dog shews on a big stick .
Two boys splashing in the surf .
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board .
Two dogs play with purple football .
a boat floats in the water .
A group of young women stand together .
A group of men are playing ball together .
The three children are standing on and by a fence .
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth .
Two brown dogs play in the water .
A boat in the water .
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing .
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track .
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field .
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .
Two grey dogs running in green grass .
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
The dog runs through the snow .
A dog lying on its back in the sand .
Two dogs running through the grass .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A dog running through the woods .
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
Two dogs running through a grassy field .
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left .
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack .
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence .
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street .
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water .
The crouching man is holding a large camera .
Two dogs run through the snow .
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table .
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow .
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard .
A dog jumps through a hoop .
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics .
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy .
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin .
A person is diving into clear blue water .
The two people have their heads covered with scarves .
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them .
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar .
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone .
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street .
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard .
Two dogs are playing on the grass .
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach .
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball .
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event .
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion .
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow .
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park .
Three dogs run in the snow .
Three dogs running through a field .
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline .
A man sits in a public place eating an apple .
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping .
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him .
Two kids and a dog play in the snow .
A boy does a trick on a skateboard .
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream .
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow .
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach .
A bird flies above the water .
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass .
A pale dog is running along a dirt path .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog .
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake .
Three dogs are playing in the water .
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter .
A brown dog running .
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up .
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids .
A person skis down a snowy hill .
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .
A man jumps off a rock into the water
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A gray dog runs along the green grass .
A boy swings on a jungle gym .
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef .
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair .
A white dog is running on sand .
The young girl blows a huge bubble .
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain .
A group of people ride in a race
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers .
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
a brown and white dog is running on the grass .
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street .
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth .
A brown and white dog runs across the grass .
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
two spotted dogs are running through a field
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge .
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee .
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket .
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water .
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer .
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another .
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing .
The child is on a wooden rocking horse .
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course .
A dog jumps of a surfboard
Two dogs playing on carpet .
Two dogs running through a grassy field .
Two dogs playing by the shore .
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles .
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen .
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow .
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night .
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign .
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
An older , balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves .
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain .
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch .
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer .
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event .
Two blond girls are playing together .
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses .
Five people on a sidewalk .
A boy splashes into a pool , ejected from a water slide .
The hiker is following a trail uphill .
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain .
A woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue .
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow .
Football players are on the field .
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella .
Two brown dogs are running on the sand .
Two dogs are playing in the snow .
Two dogs are running in the field .
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall .
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp .
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people .
A woman picking up a large rock .
A brown and white dog is running across the grass .
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd .
A dog runs through a field .
a white dog runs across the water .
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair .
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park .
A man wearing a shirt that says " Gigolo " is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera .
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two brindle dogs running in the grass .
A dog running with a stick in it 's mouth .
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area .
A dog playing in the snow .
A dig is trekking through snow .
A man who is resting his head on his hand .
The boy is jumping into a lake .
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks .
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel .
The surfer is in the wave .
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore .
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass .
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera .
A woman plays with a brown dog .
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods .
Two people playing on a snowy hill .
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth .
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall .
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean .
A surfer is riding a wave .
A man and woman sit on a park bench .
A dog is playing in the deep snow .
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A dog jumps over a chain .
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth .
A little boy in blue shorts , glasses , and a coat stands in the surf .
The man is up in the air .
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass .
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck .
A dog jumping into a swimming pool .
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball .
A child goes skiing .
Two dogs are running together outside .
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A person riding a dirt bike .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A black and white dog frolics in the snow .
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond .
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end .
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit .
Three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass .
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow .
A black poodle frolics in the snow .
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent .
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall .
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field .
a dog runs through the woods .
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them .
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock .
The four kids are riding a raft on the water .
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts .
A large white bird flying over water .
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera .
Two dogs standing in the snow .
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline .
A girl slides down a purple slide .
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat .
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball .
A brown dog walks through snow .
The white dog runs through the ocean .
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror .
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws .
A deer jumping over a fence .
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field .
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume .
A little girl swimming in a pool .
A dog walks through the snow .
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck .
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him .
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly .
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair .
Three children playing on the floor .
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole .
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods .
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain .
Two dogs play in a sandy field .
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse .
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area .
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd .
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her .
A black dog is running through some water .
A man is sledding on an orange slide .
A brown dog is running in a field .
A child swinging on a playground play set .
A man practices boxing
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter .
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard .
A dog runs through the snow .
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings .
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow .
Two people are on a golf course playing golf .
A dog playing in the waves with a ball .
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth .
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block , looking out .
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
Two black , wet dogs running on grass .
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats .
A dog leaps over a fence .
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball .
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal .
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball .
A baseball player hitting the ball
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water .
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it .
A man is sky surfing on the water .
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain .
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court .
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch .
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass .
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it .
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks .
A boy running through green grass .
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Two people sitting on a dock .
A white dog runs on the grass .
A lean dog runs through a wooded area .
Two dogs in a stream .
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket .
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass .
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course .
A man and a dog are playing tug of war .
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field .
A black dog , running on grass .
a dog runs across the path .
A small white dog running
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water .
A dog chases another by a tree .
The big white dog is running in the grass .
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
Four children keeping warm under a blanket .
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub .
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable .
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture .
A black , brown and white dog running through a field .
A man , woman and dog walk down a paved road .
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy .
a wet dog chasing a white ball
Three boys playing soccer .
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street .
A grey dog walks in the green grass , tongue hanging out .
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps .
Two dogs running in the dirt .
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
The brown dog is running on the grass .
A girl is playing on a swing .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp .
A brown dog running through the grass .
A dog jumps into a backyard pool .
Two dogs in a house playing with toys .
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .
A skateboarder doing a jump .
A child holds a yellow balloon .
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket .
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow .
Two white dogs running in the snow .
The black dog is running through the grass .
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open .
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park .
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background .
The white dog is running in the shallow water .
A child runs through the grass .
two dogs running on the beach
A dog jumps over a chain .
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape .
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
Two children jump on a trampoline .
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar .
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles .
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter .
A brown and white dog runs across the grass .
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler .
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan .
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee .
A dog shaking water off .
A dog is wading in the water .
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean .
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide .
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs .
The white dog runs through the ocean .
A child going down an inflatable slide .
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper .
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike .
A small black and white dog is swimming in water .
The man is going into the water .
A bird soars with wings spread .
A white dog is running across a grassy field .
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch .
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow .
A dog catching a Frisbee .
A black and white dog is running through grass .
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A brown and white dog running on grass .
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road .
The girl is on a swing .
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan .
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge .
Many children are playing and swimming in the water .
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud .
A dog laying in the snow .
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town .
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it .
A skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
A boy and a dog running on grass
Two black dogs are playing on the grass .
A dog running on the grass .
A dog leaps over a log in the woods .
A black dog runs fast into shallow water .
Two white dogs are running together .
Two boys are playing flag football .
A black dog is running quickly along the ground .
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket .
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left .
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city .
A dog with something pink in it 's mouth is looking forward .
Two dogs are shaking water off .
A black and white dog jumps in the snow .
A small dog jumping over an obstacle .
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water .
A girl dances like a man in costume
a tan dog swimming in some water
A brown dog runs through the grass .
A group of people stand and wait to see something .
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence .
Three ice skaters round a corner .
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river .
Two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other .
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show .
A young boy falls off his bike .
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard .
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
A brown dog runs through the grass .
A boy in a headband plays drums .
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
Two dogs are running quickly through a park .
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water .
A black and white dog swimming in clear water .
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence .
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides .
Two dogs running on grass .
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene .
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background .
Two dogs are in a grassy area .
A child is playing with two white and black geese .
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera .
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game .
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence .
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront .
A black dog running through water .
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
Two dolphins jumping into the water .
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court .
The child is looking at his reflection in glass .
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera .
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean .
A brown dog running through grass .
Two dogs bound across the grass .
A dog runs through shallow water .
A woman and three kids play at a park .
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth .
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog .
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball .
The boy is playing in the sand .
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed .
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts .
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball .
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people .
A dog running in the surf .
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree .
A white dog running in the snow .
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys .
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth .
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth .
Children play in a pile of snow .
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water .
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street .
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court .
A skier is falling face first into the snow .
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth .
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice .
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform .
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field .
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach .
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Two dogs play in a field .
A man and a woman standing on a city street .
Two dogs are playing on the grass .
Two dogs jumping on each other .
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave .
Two boys playing in water .
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence .
A bird flying in the air
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house .
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore .
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation .
A dog jumps high in the snow .
A dog leaps over the hurdle .
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow .
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground .
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles .
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field .
Two black dogs in the snow .
A dog runs through sand .
A black and white dog playing in the sand .
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp .
Two women sitting on a bench by the water .
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy .
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball .
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water .
A couple walking down the street .
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore .
A white dog , a brown dog , and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field .
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A black and white dog is running in the grass .
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city .
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street .
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street .
A dog is jumping through the water .
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam .
A little girl is running .
A person in a red shirt is standing , with arms raised , at the top of a mountain .
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park .
A group of young ladies in bikinis .
A surfer rides out the green and white waves .
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon .
A collie running through the snow .
A man and a woman resting after exercise .
two girls walking in the street
A young boy jumping into a lake .
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A man dances on a colorful wall .
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool .
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container .
The white dog is running along the beach .
Six dogs walking beside the beach .
A man is holding onto handles in the air .
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline .
A black and tan dog walking through the snow .
Two men step off the bus together .
Three dogs are running on the grass .
A black dog fetches a dead bird .
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area .
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride .
Two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball .
Three dogs run in the snow .
Two kids playing with a dog .
Two dogs play in the snow
A group of cars parked on a hill
A girl doing a back bend at the beach .
A dog jumps in the air , catching a Frisbee in its mouth .
A man is kayaking in rough waters .
A little girl on a red jungle gym .
Two dogs are playing together in the grass .
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves .
A bird flying over the water .
Two people walking along the shore at sunset .
A dog runs in the snow .
Two dogs are playing in the grass .
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hair .
A dog runs through the grass .
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing .
Three boys playing soccer .
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass .
A little girl is sitting on Santa 's lap
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them .
Two teenage girls are texting in the park .
A black and white dog swims in blue water .
A black dog running through water .
A boy jumping in the air on the beach .
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water .
A group of six children sit at a wooden table .
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field .
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Two men in hats pose together .
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball .
Two girls lean around a tree , laughing .
People stand outside watching something .
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Four dogs splashing in the water
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball .
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash .
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera .
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue .
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field .
Two dogs play on the grass .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
A snowboarder going over a ramp .
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth .
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball .
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
A black dog is running through the snow .
A bunch of bikes racing on a track .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow .
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth .
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle .
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people .
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain .
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man 's right arm during a street parade .
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water .
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek .
Two dogs either fighting or playing together .
Lots of people play in the water at the beach .
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach .
A closeup of a hummingbird flying .
Two tan dogs play in the snow .
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear .
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs .
Three children playing on the floor .
A dog swimming in a pond
Three dogs playing on grass .
A black dog is playing in the snow .
A girl jumping in the grass .
A man and a woman laughing .
A dog is jumping into the water .
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt .
A white dog with a collar is running .
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow .
A young boy riding in a swing .
A man in a batman costume is running a race .
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
A brown dog is running on grass .
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building .
A black dog runs through the water .
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop .
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers .
Two dogs running in the woods .
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
Three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera .
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool .
Two dogs playing on grass .
A black dog is running across a field .
A dog running in the grass .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth .
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle .
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee .
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background .
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach .
A man is lifting a little girl above his head .
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off .
The wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A boy standing on a beach .
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city .
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp .
A man and dog on a rocky seashore .
A black-and-white dog running in the water .
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide .
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress .
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach .
A group of people are ice skating in a big city .
The large beige dog is running through the grass .
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store .
a dog runs across the grass .
A child rides a bike high in the air .
Black dog running very fast .
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them .
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack .
A man standing in front of a brick building .
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles .
Two children are shown upside down .
The three children are standing on and by a fence .
A dog running fast in the sand .
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building .
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track .
Two beige dogs play in the grass .
A dog jumping into a swimming pool .
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass .
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow .
Two dogs playing in the snow .
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal .
A dog running through a lot of twigs .
Three people in a glass structure .
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees .
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp .
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera .
A puppy running along a street .
Two dogs play in the grass .
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall .
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow .
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side .
Two dogs run through the brush .
Three dogs run in the snow .
A dog running through the water .
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass .
A man wearing a helmet , floating in the water .
A dog plays in the snow .
People walk along on the street .
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun .
A black man and his dog on the beach .
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow .
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean .
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave .
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee .
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth .
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course .
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night .
A young child holds a spoon to it 's mouth while sitting in a chair .
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse .
Two dogs running in a field .
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory .
Two boxers are in the ring .
A dog walks on the beach .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym .
A small dog leaps in the water .
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow .
Two dogs play in the snow .
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice .
A group of people ride in a race
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth .
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it 's tongue hanging out .
A boy with face paint is running on a track .
two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth .
Two dogs running down a path in the woods .
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag .
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask .
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background .
Two small children walking in a field .
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day .
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool .
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board .
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
Two dogs standing in snow .
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand .
a man and a woman posing for a picture
Kids play in the water
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around .
A pale dog runs down a path .
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves .
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza .
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard .
A child in the snow .
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall .
A boy and his bike leaps into the air .
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture .
The man helps the boy ride a bike .
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth .
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses .
A man climbs a sheer cliff face .
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks .
The dogs play in the snow .
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet .
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside .
Two dogs running on the beach .
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war .
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball .
Two black dogs are playing in a grass .
A man is playing baseball .
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet .
A white dog running over a bridge .
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands .
A dog runs in the woods .
A person waving is hanging off a zip line .
A skateboarder jumping in the street .
Roller blades sliding on a railing .
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red .
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water .
A dog sniffs a tree stump .
A dog is jumping in the snow .
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera .
Two dogs running along dirt path .
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley .
The dog with the red collar is bearing it 's teeth at the dog with the blue collar .
Two brown dogs running through water .
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
The black and white dog is running on the grass .
Skiiers on a snowy mountain .
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand .
Two small dogs run through the grass .
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing .
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide .
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog .
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall .
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
A black dog is shaking off water .
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item .
Two brown dogs running through water .
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza .
A boy in a robe sits in a chair .
A dog shakes his head .
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt .
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor .
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge .
A little white dog running through the sand .
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object .
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black dog running on a beach .
Two dogs drink water in a lake .
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A white dog is running through the snow .
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down .
Person snowboarding at a ski slope .
Two brown and white dogs running across grass .
A man is climbing a rock wall .
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A woman is playing volley ball .
A small dog jumping over hurdles .
Two birds interacting in the grass
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide .
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky .
A girl playing on a parachute .
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl 's face .
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field .
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave .
a group of surfers catching a wave
A man is climbing the side of a mountain .
A tan and white dog runs through water .
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball .
Two black and white dogs run across a green field .
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court .
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track .
Three men playing baseball .
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water .
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera .
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside .
Three women in brightly colored dresses .
a black dog digging through the snow .
A brown dog running in field of long green grass .
two tan dogs play in the grass
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth .
A man and a woman laughing .
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset .
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth .
Two little boys are playing on a playground .
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball .
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake .
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door .
A brown dog is running in the grass .
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera .
A dog digs a hole in a yard .
A black dog running through the snow .
A person hanging from a rocky cliff .
The dog is running on grass .
a dog trots through the grass .
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant 's head .
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it 's hind legs .
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face .
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard .
A skateboarder riding up to a slope .
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field .
A man kite surfing creates a wave .
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick .
A dog is running in a field .
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden .
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen .
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building .
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops .
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building .
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone .
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth .
Man sleeping on the street .
A black poodle is playing with the snow .
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard , chasing a ball .
Three dogs swim in the water .
A white dog runs on the sand .
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game .
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe .
A group of people are in the water .
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track .
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow .
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up .
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse .
Three dogs playing in the green water .
Three dogs swim in the water .
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft .
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth .
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing .
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white .
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee .
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag .
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent .
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture .
Two dogs play in the water .
A tan dog is walking through snow .
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone .
A man walks two dogs in the city .
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man .
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side .
Two dogs running in the dirt
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
Two dogs run through the grass .
A soaked dog is playing in the water .
Two people diving into a body of water .
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it .
People are sitting at square tables in a red room .
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water .
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background .
A dog shaking water off .
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors .
A naked little girl being thrown into the air .
A dog runs through the deep snow .
Three children playing in sand at beach
Two dogs play together in the yard .
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette .
A group of people are running a race .
The dogs are running in the snow .
A dog lays down in the long green grass .
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud .
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow .
A group of girls on a beach .
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth .
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop .
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow .
The black and white dog runs through the grass .
a lone dog running in a dirty road
A man kayaks in rough water .
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background .
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice .
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill .
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth .
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck .
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle .
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .
Three brown dogs are in the water .
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar .
A man on a bike does a very high jump .
The two dogs are running toward the camera .
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park .
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony .
A brown dog running after a young cow .
Two dogs are running on the grass .
Two brown dogs runs through the water .
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool .
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree .
A brown dog is laying in the snow .
Two dogs running in the dirt
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy .
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air .
Three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background .
A dog rolls on the ground .
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
A lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow .
Three dogs playing in the snow .
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain .
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline .
A surfer does a flip on a wave .
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it .
people go up the escalator .
A brown dog in a field .
Two children are playing flag football together .
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game .
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
A dog playing in the snow .
a man sits on a rock .
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean .
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy .
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow .
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool .
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles .
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch .
Two dogs fighting in the snow .
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it 's trunk open .
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass .
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle .
A white dog is standing on it 's hind legs with a ball in it 's mouth .
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow .
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air .
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field .
A dog chases another by a tree .
A bird sits in a leafless tree .
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth .
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him .
A man and woman sitting on a parked car .
A man is climbing a rocky mountain .
Young boys wading in blue swim caps .
A dog jumps over a hurdle .
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool .
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball .
A man doing a trick on a skateboard .
A brown and white dog is running around a pole .
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow .
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park .
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
Two dogs in snow .
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead .
A Dalmation runs along a beach .
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain .
A black and white dog jumping in a yard .
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall .
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth .
A dog runs in the snow .
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle .
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal .
A dog runs across the grassy field .
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball .
A dog chases another by a tree .
Two dog play in the snow .
A boy is rock climbing .
A dirty dogs runs through the woods .
A dog runs through an obstacle course .
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large , fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow .
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water .
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow .
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool .
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A beagle walks along the calm shore .
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence .
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne .
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground .
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him .
A black and white dog is running through grass .
two dogs running in grass
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline .
The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle .
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake .
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth .
Young boys play touch football .
Three children playing in hay
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city .
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass .
Two people riding their bikes on a hill .
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted .
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth .
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together .
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board .
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat .
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water .
A boy with a metal colander on his head .
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain .
a dog sprints across the grass .
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles .
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building .
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand .
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues .
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water .
Black and white dog running outside .
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean .
Two dogs running through the water on a beach .
Children smiling and making faces to the camera .
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator .
A man and a woman kiss .
A child rolls around in a large tire .
A white and brown dog runs in a field .
A dog running on the grass .
Children play in a pool while adults look on .
Football players are stretching together .
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants .
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach .
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide .
Two dogs play together on the bed .
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth .
A white dog is running through the snow .
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing .
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation .
Two brownish dogs are fighting .
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash .
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees .
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass .
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
This large black and white dog is running on the sand .
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink .
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp .
The black and white dog is running through the bushes .
The white dog is running in the green grass .
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park .
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll .
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
A brown dog running
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left .
Brown dog running on the beach .
A person above their surfboard on the water .
A skateboarder on a ramp .
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee .
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands .
The dogs are running through the yard .
Three dogs race in the snow together .
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe .
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette .
Two girls jump out of swings .
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd .
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding .
A white dog running on the beach .
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest .
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth .
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope .
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes .
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light .
A shirtless man catches a football
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background .
A girl poses with her head upside down .
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car .
A dog stands on a beach at sunset .
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape .
A man jumps while on a snowboard .
A young boy plays in the water fountain .
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard .
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves .
A black dog walks through a rocky , grassy landscape under a blue , cloudy sky .
Four dogs playing in the snow .
two brown and black dogs growling at each other .
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park .
A child in water .
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow .
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow .
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it .
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow .
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall .
Two football players bang into each other during a football game .
People running away from seagulls on the beach .
a dog stands in the white snow .
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers .
The black dog is running through the grass .
Two dogs playing in grass .
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game .
The little girl is playing at the playground .
A black dog digs in the snow .
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass .
A black and white dog jumps in the snow .
Two dogs play in the water .
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle .
A dog leaping over a chain .
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain .
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track .
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out .
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench .
a dog pounces on the grass .
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall .
The boy is sliding down a metal slide .
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field .
Several children playing in a ball pit .
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube .
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake .
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
The brown dog is running on the grass .
A woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves .
A brown dog is running though a river .
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt .
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water .
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass .
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out .
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .
A brown and white dog running into the water
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors .
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch .
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle .
Two black dogs walking through the snow .
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore .
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth .
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down .
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign .
The woman is skating in the park .
A dog splashes in the murky water .
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris .
A hockey player during a game .
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill .
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick .
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee .
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow .
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee .
A surfer is riding a large wave .
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump .
Two dogs run through a field .
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow .
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods .
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow .
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath .
A woman in a short skirt and boots .
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool .
Two brown dogs are running on the sand .
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane .
Two dogs playing together on the grass .
Two large black dogs run through the snow .
A black poodle is running in the snow .
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion .
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park .
A brown dog digs in the sand .
People riding something in the snow .
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A dog running through snow .
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee .
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A tan dog leaps into the water .
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach .
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water .
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts .
A basketball player is scoring a basket .
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks .
A man on a bike in mid-air
Two dogs are running through a grassy area .
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow .
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle .
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
A large group of people have formed a line outside .
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud .
A group of children do stretches on colored mats .
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain .
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach .
A black and white dog playing in the sand .
The dogs are running in the snow .
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air .
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves .
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water .
Two dogs play in the grass .
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick .
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night .
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool .
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital .
A man and two women dressed in costumes .
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other 's mouths .
A greyish dog running in the snow .
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment .
A woman runs beside a concrete wall .
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team .
A brown dog is running through the field .
Two dogs play in the snow .
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection .
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera .
A fluffy , white dog running in the snow .
A man rollerblading on a metal bar .
A group of guys play instruments outside .
Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
A snowboarder flies through the air .
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground .
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A group of men play a college football game .
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch .
A dog running through the water .
A young man jumps from one balcony to another .
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun .
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon .
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera .
A brown dog laying on a green cushion .
three black and white dogs running through a watery field .
a brown dog plays with the hose .
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is .
Two black dogs and one white dog interact .
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp .
A girl wading through water in a lake .
A boy running through surf on a beach .
Two dogs playing in a yard .
The bird has its wings spread as it flies .
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby .
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand .
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background .
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud .
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks .
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach .
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean .
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand .
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence .
A dog pants while standing in the woods .
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach .
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd .
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass .
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water .
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs .
The brown and white dogs run through the field .
Two poodles are running through the snow .
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall , snowy mountain .
the skateboarder jumps into the air .
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background .
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A young girl sliding down a black pole .
A girls is jumping in the sand .
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field .
The dog leaps over the fence in the park .
Women pointing at a geyser .
A black dog is running through the snow .
A little girl on a kid swing .
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches .
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A dog running through a creek .
A skateboarder uses a ramp .
Two dogs play with each other outdoors .
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult 's lap .
Four dogs playing in the snow .
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car .
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass .
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow .
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around .
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree .
Two brown dogs run through the grass .
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball .
a man running track
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee .
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers .
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water .
A black dog is running in the grass .
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera .
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land .
A large group of people riding brown and white horses .
A dog is running on the beach .
A black dog splashes through greenish water .
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves .
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track .
A child and parent pet a horse .
A dog is running through the ocean .
The man is skiing down a snowy hill .
Cars racing on a dirt track
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube .
A dog runs through a snowy field .
A man walking two dogs down a street .
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog .
Two men walking past a mural of a car .
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
A black dog running through water .
A brown dog squating on grass .
a dog plays in the snow .
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball .
The person is in the snowy mountains .
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball .
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk .
Three dogs run through a field .
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays .
Two puppies play in the grass
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball .
A dog runs through the grass .
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow .
A black dog running through water .
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle .
A woman is walking with a red bag .
A black and white rally car takes the turn .
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree .
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel .
A sports team poses on the field .
four children are playing on a trampoline .
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth .
A young woman , topless except for paint or mud .
Two dogs playing on the shore .
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool .
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows .
A dog running on the beach
A woman resting her face on her hand .
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car .
A white dog is running on sand .
The scuba diver is underwater .
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail .
Four dogs playing in the snow .
A man walking his cow down the side of the road .
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees .
A dog is biting a mop .
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth .
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire .
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling .
A lean dog playing in tall grass .
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry .
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track .
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street .
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field .
A girl jumping in a puddle .
A boy and a dog running on grass
The black and brown dog is running through the snow .
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide , smiling woman in background .
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
A person skiing down a snowy hill .
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant .
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water .
A skateboarder riding up to a slope .
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow .
People ride up an escalator .
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head .
Three little children are sitting in the grass .
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water .
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The brown dog is running across the sand .
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack .
A dog jumps off the stairs .
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night .
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
Two dogs are playing in a pool .
Three children are playing soccer in the sand .
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks .
Two dogs wrestle in the snow .
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide .
A man walking a large black horse .
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head .
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water .
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table .
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
A black and white dog swims in blue water .
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal .
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it 's teeth .
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera .
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand .
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings .
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs .
Boy and girl running along the beach .
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water .
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing .
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing .
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash .
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church .
A black and a brown dog running in the grass .
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill .
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains .
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water .
Two soccer teams are playing , one is in white the other in red .
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
The brown dog is wearing a black collar .
A woman is riding her bicycle .
Some kids play in a field .
a small dog steps onto a log .
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls .
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field .
Young boys enjoying a spray of water .
A surfer is riding a wave .
Three dogs running through the snow .
A black dog is running across a field .
Two dogs play in the snow .
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair .
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half .
Three dogs play in the grass .
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore .
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling .
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park .
a group of children playing with a dog
A brown dog is running along a beach .
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks .
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water .
Dogs in a race .
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth .
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet .
A skier about to go down the mountain .
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach .
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
Black and brown dog runs through field .
Two children walking down a path in the woods .
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene .
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle .
The tan and black dog is running across the grass .
a dog runs across the land .
A girl dances on a sidewalk .
Two dogs running on grass .
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings .
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant .
A swan is flying through a body of water .
Two children go sledding .
A person standing on a ridge in the desert .
A dog nips at the leg of a horse .
A man rock climbing .
A group of dogs racing .
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it 's mouth .
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby .
Two dogs bound across the grass .
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth .
A boy catcher in a helmet , stretching out his gloved hand for a catch .
A boy , wearing a baseball cap , jumps in the air near some steps .
Three dogs are in the snow .
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building .
A little girl swimming in a pool .
A young girl is talking on a cell phone .
A brown dog runs through the grass .
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain .
A brown dog laying on a blue cover .
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog .
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods .
A dog splashes in the murky water .
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass .
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods .
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses .
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck .
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth .
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass , holding a ball in its mouth .
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet .
Woman in a black dress walking on the street .
A dog plays on the beach .
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game .
A girl stands in a dimly lit area .
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass .
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog .
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth .
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass .
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
A classroom of students watching a presentation .
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area .
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside .
A brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick .
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags .
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area .
The man is doing a trick on his green bike .
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth .
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach .
The basketball player holds the ball .
A white dog jumps into a pool .
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard .
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake .
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .
A man in mid air on a skateboard .
A girl does the backstroke in the pool .
A deer is jumping over a fence .
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets .
A dog jumps through water .
The way you have it is fine .
It depends on your country .
You don ' t have to know .
The answer will depend of course on what you ' re looking for in a vacation .
I had the same problem as you .
Also , if you die , you don ' t have to repay , don ' t know if it helps .
What can you do and what should you do to grow more ?
You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .
I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours .
There ' s a ton of variables :
It is up to you .
I don ' t think you need double-entry bookkeeping .
It ' s acceptable to tailor your CV for each job you apply for .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
Some of what you can do :
It really depends on the school and the program .
I wouldn ' t say it is better , just different .
There is no quarantine period .
You don ' t have to worry .
You don ' t need sauce at all .
It depends in which country you are living in .
This is a part answer to your question
There are two things to consider :
I think you answered your own question .
You don ' t need to have proof , you ' re just reporting what you noticed .
You ' re using the wrong type of screws .
You practically answered your own question .
What should I do about this ?
There is also a Youtube-Version of the film .
) , but it is not .
So , just check if there ' s a specific part of the train you need to be on .
If you really want to learn it , it will take time and work .
A lot of it has to do with your programming .
Looks like cedar , that is a good wood to use .
You can do it , but you might not be a professor .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do .
I think this is a simple answer .
There are two things you need to look at to get an answer .
It ' s really a matter of preference .
The more detail you have , the harder it is to dismiss your estimate as inaccurate .
I have this habit as well .
You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .
You can use garlic powder and leave it out .
If they don ' t , don ' t force it .
Recently , I have had a very similar situation occur .
Take a look at these :
I really don ' t know about will it help you , but here is what I do :
You don ' t have to worry .
You should do what it says .
I think it depends on the dish .
If you don ' t finish , you just don ' t get the snack .
Check out the last paragraph to my answer to this question .
Yes , you can freeze buttermilk .
The short and clear answer is : it is absolutely not safe .
I ' ve done this in a similar situation .
I would suggest that the answer is that it isn ' t common .
If you don ' t mind the extra weight , I would say definitely go for it .
The first thing to do is , of course , close them .
If your Schenghen Visa will still be valid then you will not need to apply for a new Visa .
If you want to do it you should do it completely .
What should you do ?
You should listen to your boss , because you ' re not paid to tell the boss what to do .
First , I ' ll answer your question .
You check how important it is for you and your boss that you go to the seminar .
You can do it , too .
You have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demands you can live with .
I think , the answer is yet : We don ' t know .
I think you already answered your own question .
It depends on the instrument .
It depends on funding .
This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow .
This really depends on your twins .
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
is it this one ?
So how should I do this ?
The fridge is not a good wine cellar .
This is something I needed to deal with .
If you do want to help but want to be paid .
If they ' re worth that , I hire them and if not , I don ' t .
This depends on your environment .
i think it depends what you want :
I agree with all of the above but here ' s another .
It depends on the employer .
This depends on where you are .
It looks like you ' ll have to learn enough English syntax to do what you need .
Short answer It varies .
When you return to the problem , you are able to take a logical approach to it .
Yes , you can do it .
I had this problem too .
I have been on both sides of the equation .
This is not uncommon in a water heater .
She shouldn ' t take to you like that and do these things you ' re right .
You can do it , too .
Healthy competition is the magic word you are looking for .
All of the answers above are good .
You can try SplashMoney .
You ' ll have to determine what kind of relationship you have with your boss to see what is appropriate .
There is no such index .
You will do that for your child ?
You will need FOUR conductors .
Under perfect conditions this is not true .
I agree with the other answers .
You have to know what you want to do .
When you read a fictional story , you should be able to imagine what is going on .
rmkilc , what you want to do in principle is FINE .
If you have papers .
Nowadays , I really don ' t think it makes any difference whatsoever .
I have two suggestions for you :
No , there ' s nothing to that as far as I know .
So actually it didn ' t matter .
You will have to start with the clinic . , and maybe move on to the insurance company .
It ' s not up to her any more what you do .
It depends on how the cheese is made .
There is really no reason against immunisation .
Depends on the legal environment where you are .
It surely depends on the field we are talking about .
The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen .
It depends on how bad the wall is .
As far as I know there is no such law .
You ' ll have to determine what kind of relationship you have with your boss to see what is appropriate .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
Start them as early as possible .
I have personally verified this !
In Thailand , it depends on where you ' ll be going .
What you are looking for is " lazy susan hardware "
Make sure that you get your money .
So I think it up to you .
Remember this is your degree we are talking about , its up to you what you want to do .
They don ' t even have to be about you .
Do you want to know the answer ?
Yes , there is a reason for it .
You can try Con-x-ion .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
It really depends on how much time you have to prepare .
Consider the tax bracket that you would be in if you rolled your traditional IRA into a Roth IRA .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
The answer to both of your questions is yes .
It shouldn ' t matter all that much .
Try some of the following :
I ' ll answer this question :
So , I think you don ' t need to explicitly state the code copyright in the paper .
Sorry , I don ' t know the answer to your question .
I always go by the rule " When in doubt , throw it out !
Off the top of my head I can think of three options :
Find what you like to read .
It depends on you .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
It depends on what you ' re going for , really .
AFAIK , you don ' t even need the glue , though I ' d probably use it myself .
Only do this if you know your job is safe .
I don ' t think you should .
I believe you are looking for a round-the-world ticket .
All of the answers above are good .
This is a difficult one .
No you don ' t need to do anything special .
This sound like a very bad idea .
What kind of floors are above ?
You don ' t have to worry .
If it doesn ' t work for you , don ' t accept it .
It ' s a good idea .
There is no such index .
You don ' t have a problem .
Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it .
You don ' t have to retire .
I must ask you , are you sure this is what you want to do ?
I had this problem with one cat .
If you can ' t play it or test it out , do not buy .
Is it that you can ' t or that you don ' t want to do it ?
But the solution to the problem is that you don ' t need to .
See also Wikipedia for this period .
I think it depends on the dish .
I think it depends on your broker .
I think partially the answer depends on what you type .
( This is a possible explanation , but I ' m not crazy about it .
Don ' t tell him you ' re recommending him if you aren ' t going to .
It depends on the meat and how it ' s cut .
This is a good one .
Your best bet is research .
A couple things to consider :
Yes , you need to file a tax return .
I think the movie you are looking for is Bandidas .
If you still want to make your own bread , you may want to purchase a bread-maker .
You should always respond , even if only to say you aren ' t looking at this time .
If you want to really find your style , you have to work for it .
It ' s a good question .
You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do .
Do you have a large plastic container ?
You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it .
I would suggest that you not violate FERPA .
It ' s much better to ask .
If you ' re inclined to say " no " , you must have good reasons .
Depends on what your goal is .
I don ' t think you can .
Yes , that is exactly what it means .
Honestly I don ' t think they had sex .
It is always best to customize your resume anyway for each job you apply for .
So if you do know the address , it ' s best to put it down .
It ' s just a general guideline , don ' t worry about it too much .
I think you will find it hard to do .
Harold McGee ' s On Food and Cooking for a start .
You definitely don ' t have to .
I have three recommendations for you :
Have you tried asking ?
If you cough during a performance , you will lose points .
You ' re not in the US , so there ' s nothing to effectively connect your income to .
They really don ' t need to know .
There are a couple things you can do which will help :
Do you have a car ?
I would say that it is something to avoid .
You are making this too complicated .
I ' m not aware of any studies either way , but it seems unlikely .
I have noticed this as well .
You have no need to do anything .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
It ' s all about conventions .
There are two possible causes for this :
Depends on your time scale , but generally , I don ' t think it would work .
If you ' re not starving , don ' t ever apply for the job you don ' t really want .
Shouldn ' t do you any harm at all .
If you ' re not starving , don ' t ever apply for the job you don ' t really want .
You don ' t have to leave to see what others will pay you .
If you want to do it you should do it completely .
It simply , and obviously , depends on what you want to spend your money on .
Your problem is not your supervisors .
We had this problem and it turned out to be the thermal fuse .
So I would say that that is in fact a myth .
There is no such index .
It seems to work .
You need to decide what you want to learn first .
The more you have , the less likely you will be upside down .
This question has been asked before . I don ' t think I can improve on that answer .
Yes , you have to do both .
You can buy it on ebay for $ 25 and up .
I think you should do both .
Yes , it is a real issue .
I ' m not 100 % sure I understand your question but I ' ll try to answer it anyway .
One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot .
This is only a good thing if it motivates you to do the things to get better .
i think it depends what you want :
There are two traditional ways to bend wood :
The simple answer is no .
There are two things you can definitely do :
My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like .
The top few possible reasons are :
My recommendation is not to say anything , and do the best you can .
Maybe it doesn ' t .
Yes , there is a reason for it .
It depends what you want to do with them .
You don ' t want jobs you ' re not a good fit for .
It is not a good idea .
But it is different for everyone , so you will have to find that out yourself .
If it doesn ' t , then you might have damaged the coax .
The best thing that you can do is helping him .
There is no reason to worry .
They can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .
I had the same issue .
You don ' t need to read the book to know what GTD is or even how to use it .
You could probably do it , but it wouldn ' t be very effective .
Yes , you should mention it .
Yes , you can do exactly what you want to do .
In that case , you should have pretty strong control over what you want to do .
I don ' t think there is a single answer here .
So don ' t fret it if you can ' t , but try to work it in .
I believe the name of the movie you are looking for is Poltergeist 3 .
If you want to improve your skills in something , identify it .
Thanks for the suggestions .
If you focus on what you want to do , you ' ll find an employer that needs that .
You should go to him the first day you don ' t have work not the tenth .
As far as I know there is no such website or app that allows to book last-minute cheap flights .
I don ' t think you have much to worry about .
If you don ' t do it , you go to bed early .
Can you do this ?
Take a look at this :
It is possible to cover it with shredded newspaper , but I don ' t think you ' d want to .
You should , but you don ' t have to .
If you don ' t ask for what you want , you will not likely get it .
What kind of stone is it ?
I can tell you where it comes from , but not why it ' s the way it is .
You can try manager.io .
I had the same situation as you .
I would think you ' d be able to .
The number one thing that I would advise you to expect is the unexpected .
are you using the new Basecamp ?
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
You could try http : / / caloriecount.about.com .
No , you should not worry .
I ' d say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want ?
If you are going to Thailand because of work , you can try to get it approved .
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems .
Yes you can do that , but it depends what your goals are .
Sounds an like you may just need more flour .
Not much you can do besides :
But it is not a good idea .
The difficulty with that is that you have to know what your own terms are .
If nothing happens , you need to sit down and think about what you want to do next .
If they request to know why you want a copy , you want it for your personal records .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
It really depends on what you are looking for .
You have a lot of answers already , but I ' d like to add Curries as another solutions .
Don ' t worry , you can do it .
How this will perform will depend a lot on the temperature of the room it is in .
There are two options here :
This is how you should understand what a resume is & what a cover letter is :
I can think of a few things that you should not look for :
It depends on what you are reading .
I had a similar situation .
This depends highly on the genre .
I don ' t think it ' s going to be critical but when in doubt : PL .
That ' s not a lot of depth .
You should do both .
I ' ve got an answer :
I think it is depends on the program .
The movie you are looking for is probably Infested .
I had this same problem .
There is no quarantine period .
I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves .
It depends on how the cheese is made .
I don ' t think preservation is the issue you want to worry about , it is taste .
In other words , it depends on where you go , when you do there and how .
It depends on your country .
If you have too much to do , you turn it down .
The wiring you show will work .
Yes , you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you ' ve done .
If there are recurring problems with students , then you don ' t want to work for this professor .
There is no reason to worry .
No you are not .
And you don ' t have to do it at same days when you go to gym , obviously .
You do not need to start an email with a salutation .
Get help as soon as possible .
It depends on the show in question .
It depends on how bad the wall is .
It ' s not ideal but will probably work .
Actually , I don ' t want to assume and just tell you what I think would be allowed / disallowed .
You don ' t have to configure anything .
I guess it depends on what you ' re going to do .
This is not a direct answer to your question .
The answer to this is yes : avoid meat-based broth .
It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job .
This is what I ' d do :
I have the exact same issue .
The word you ' re looking for is Atonal
You have to do what is right for you .
There ' s a couple practical things that can help .
That is the most " fair " way to do it .
The solution has two parts .
I think you know what a check is even if you don ' t use them , right ?
I read a lot of papers and some books about .
AFAIR this didn ’ t happen in the book .
If you have the authority to do it yourself , then do it today .
Again , this is where YOU get to find out what YOU want to know about THEM .
I think you don ' t have many rights in this case .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do .
It depends on what you want to achieve .
At the end of the day , sitting is still really bad for you even if you exercise later .
It depends on your country .
) , but it is not .
This is a big problem .
Unfortunately I ' d say no , not if you still have that much ammonia showing up .
If he is getting in the way of your work , then bring it up to you boss .
This sounds a bit unusual .
Travel in Europe should not be a big issue either .
There are a few adjustments you can try :
It depends what you want to do with them .
You indicate in your comments that your hamster does not have hay .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I wouldn ' t worry too much about your results not matching the picture .
I don ' t think you can make him get a job if he doesn ' t want to .
I think it depends very much on the area .
I don ' t see that there ' s anything wrong .
I think you have to find the balance that works for you .
I have had the same problem .
As to the specifics , it depends on the rest of your training .
No it is not .
So think it in this way .
I don ' t know if your boss is trying to help you or not .
You do not need to worry .
I think that the short answer to your question is : No .
You have to know what you want to do .
Have you tried your local beggar ?
You do not tell if you were required to be at that meeting , but I assume so .
The alcohol is not added , but is a result of the fermentation process .
It depends on how much work you want to do .
I think you ' re actually in luck .
I have never done this .
If this is the case then I don ' t know if you could make bread out of it predominantly .
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
If you feel you have too many commas , you do .
It ' s probably just a broken switch .
There are two things to consider :
It depends on what they are evaluating , and how .
Where did you look ?
There ' s not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter .
If they don ' t fire you , you are now working hours that you like .
Do you think I should keep it secret or not ?
It is up to you .
A couple things to consider :
You have answered your own question .
What should you do ?
There are two traditional ways to bend wood :
Just turn the breaker off .
Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you ' re getting in .
Another thing , when you find a job , it is not always exactly what you wanted to do .
If , however , you don ' t think that you can do the job - don ' t apply .
You don ' t need a program , you need people already doing it to join with .
I had a similar situation .
It depends on what you want to get out of your career .
It depends on what you want , really .
It depends on what they are .
I don ' t want to tell you what to do , but 13 is older than you think .
This is a really good question .
This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow .
My recommendation is not to say anything , and do the best you can .
Do you have a team / company wiki ?
If you do it , be sure to read what you sign .
There are probably two main things to consider :
I ' d say it depends what conditions you have .
I think it depends on what kind of job you are looking for .
All the answers above are all correct .
I really don ' t know about will it help you , but here is what I do :
You can drop them a line with the correct answers , of course .
But I don ' t think you ' ll find that in a restaurant .
It depends on how you use it .
You might try Mapex .
You do not tell if you were required to be at that meeting , but I assume so .
I would go for it .
First and most likely , it is simply historical .
It totally depends what you are doing with it .
I think it is important to understand the environment in the rest of Europe at that time .
You don ' t have to do anything to season it .
I have the same situation and have traveled extensively .
It depends on how the film is viewed as a whole .
This is a difficult issue to deal with .
I do not think it ' s a good idea .
You are right on the mark .
It ' s all about conventions .
The company isn ' t going to compensate you if you don ' t have anything to offer .
This is a part answer to your question
You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .
I have applied thinset over paint many many times .
It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job .
I would say you can do it , but it wouldn ' t be advised .
Is this what you are looking for ?
I don ' t know if it ' s " common " or not .
I don ' t think there ' s any real technique for this .
You don ' t have to prepay .
So how should I do this ?
The more you sweat , the faster you will burn calories and fat .
Does this answer your questions ?
It depends on how bad the wall is .
I don ' t see why should there be such a right .
You can still use it for practice .
I can see HR ' s concern here .
In this case I think it ' s best to first ask for permission to ask .
If you ask , you may not get but if you don ' t ask , you don ' t get .
Yes , you can use a bass bow .
There is nothing wrong in dressing formal .
The almost universal answer for this question is " Talk to your adviser " .
However , I don ' t think there ' s much you can do about it , either .
You have to do them low and slow .
It ' s not going to be a problem if you can talk about it in the interview .
Actually , I don ' t want to assume and just tell you what I think would be allowed / disallowed .
I think you will find it hard to do .
That depends on the school and the kid .
I think this depends on the type of Gorgonzola .
It ' s actually just a minor third .
I agree with SAJ14SAJ .
First , you need to decide what type of squat you want to do :
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do .
You should , but you don ' t have to .
If you can not find the problem , you really need to call in an electrician .
It depends how you ' re stating it .
I ' ve had this problem while working in a pubs .
Slope the ground away from the house , forget the paint .
It depends on your country .
The sooner you do it the easier it will be .
I have had this problem .
You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality / history to do so .
It depends on how the film is viewed as a whole .
If it adheres well , then you know what you ' ll have to do .
This can work well .
You can , but you probably shouldn ' t .
I think it will be useful
If you think the product isn ' t what you want , don ' t buy it .
If you forget to mention something , you ' ll need to spot a chance to work it in later .
Unless this is someone you know already , I ' d say that you probably shouldn ' t ask .
What kind of homework is it ?
What makes you say that ?
I think you have a plan , and if you stick to it you should be doing good .
If , however , you don ' t think that you can do the job - don ' t apply .
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose .
It depends on what you want to be able to do .
Really it ' s up to you .
As to what you can do , probably not much .
It all depends on context .
You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income .
But really , it depends on how you plan to use it .
I don ' t see why that should be a problem .
There really isn ' t any good ways that I ' m aware of .
If you don ' t mind the extra weight , I would say definitely go for it .
I think this is a common situation .
The answer to the question in the title of your post is , " it depends . "
In my mind it ' s a case of " do what you like " .
If what you are looking for is much higher , they get the picture .
It depends on how they are dried .
Yes , there is a reason for it .
There are several things you can do :
Yes , that is the supply line .
I have stayed in a hostel in Switzerland .
I guess it really depends on your own beliefs and situation .
The answer to your question is not really .
If you want to really find your style , you have to work for it .
Here is a simple answer :
I don ' t think you can validate the ticket on the train itself .
I want to guarentee you that you ' ll have a really rough time if you get giardia .
Here ' s what I think you should do .
I ' ve looked for them .
The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness .
Could it be Ark ?
There are a few things I don ' t understand :
I wouldn ' t say it is necessarily wrong , but it would be a little strange .
If it adheres well , then you know what you ' ll have to do .
It depends on the sauce and the result you want .
The answer you are looking for is in the name of the building .
Do you have to legally pay for it ?
Yes , it is a real issue .
The bigger it is , the more you want to do it .
It depends on how many calories you consume .
I think you ' re looking for Awaken ( 2012 ) .
It varies a lot - and by type of writing .
If you don ' t know , get an electrician .
What should you do ?
Know what roles you want to go for , versus the ones that you don ' t .
Seems to work pretty well , although I ' ve mostly used it for cutting .
I don ' t think there is a general accepted definition .
In general , the larger / heaver the items , the more it costs no matter how you send it .
You have to do what is right for you .
Probably not a good idea .
Saying " thanks , I don ' t have any questions at the moment . "
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
The mentor will have to know you well to tell you what is best for you .
There are lots of ways to do this .
Depends on the legal environment where you are .
Self defense is legal as far as I know .
You do not have to do it and there is no need to do it .
If the environment is such that it is inappropriate , you can always take it off .
Some situations require you to use the thumb , but I don ' t think this is the case .
What you need is a good reason to get out of bed .
If that is the case then you cannot bury it .
It doesn ' t matter unless it is really far off .
You don ' t have to know .
Is it dependent on the food in the pan ?
Depends on the program and FF status .
Partly depends on where you are going .
Short answer It varies .
I ' m a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen .
( But for that , I don ' t think you have to do them in the morning .
The simple answer is no .
The best way to learn is to do it .
I ' m a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen .
There isn ' t anything you need to do about this .
I ' ve been using polyurethane for 40 years or more .
As low as you can get away with .
You PROBABLY don ' t have any chance at the moment .
It depends how you ' re stating it .
Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no .
How many do you need to do ?
I am not sure this is the right site for the question .
I think you ' re looking for the movie
If you don ' t ask for what you want , you will not likely get it .
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
This depends on the country .
No , it makes no difference .
So if that ' s what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .
I think this depends on the type of Gorgonzola .
If you don ' t know , get an electrician .
What should I do about this ?
I don ' t think this will work very well .
Can you do this ?
I really don ' t think there ' s any significance to that .
I agree with phil above .
Share it if you want to , don ' t share it if you don ' t want to .
I think it is okay to ask the question .
I ' m going to be blunt , here : You don ' t .
Yes , you can do exactly what you want to do .
The heavier you can lift , the better your technique has to be to do it .
The problem is that air must be removed so that the food is not insulated from the water .
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
What kind of form is it ?
I don ' t think you should .
I agree with Jolenealaska .
I don ' t think there ' s necessarily a connection issue .
Yes , you should include all of your relevant experience .
It depends on your country .
It will become easier the more you do it .
I don ' t think there is any other solution that the one you are adopting .
I ' m afraid I don ' t have an answer to the salt question .
I had the same question as well .
You may have to experiment and find what you like .
I ' m a bit confused to the " no brainer " type of question that this is .
You should prime it first .
My conclusion was that , if he had wanted to kill her he would have .
It ' s the order of pouring , not how the drink looks .
I wouldn ' t do it , particularly on the first day .
I ' m afraid there ' s not really a lot you can do .
If , however , you don ' t think that you can do the job - don ' t apply .
This really depends on your twins .
You don ' t have to leave to see what others will pay you .
What kind of floors are above ?
As far as I know , there is no legal standard for a check .
If this isn ' t the case , then take with a grain of salt .
Tell her , if she doesn ' t want to be , then she ' s not .
It likely depends on what shape you want to store them in .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
But I think really the only choice you have is to be the best person you can be .
Your best bet is research .
I guess it depends on the nature of your contract .
You ' ve answered your own question already .
I agree with many of the above comments .
I would call it a custard , I think , if not only for want of a better word .
think about what is next best option you can do to excel .
Find out what he would need to see from you to accept you on to the team .
Sounds to me like you have a choice .
I have this problem , too .
The answer to this one is ' it depends on you'
What should I do about this ?
You definitely don ' t have to .
To answer your question : it depends on the department and if you can find a supervisor .
No , it is not true .
I don ' t think there is any universal term .
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .
But if you don ' t want to quit , the above are your options , as I see it .
There are numerous ways .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do .
The goal of course is to get the temperature down as quickly as possible .
You don ' t have to retire .
In addition to the other answers :
This is a good start .
It depends on how good you want to be .
You don ' t have to know .
Something like this is useful :
There is no reason to worry .
Yes , I believe it ' s a good idea .
This is what you are wanting .
If not , don ' t do that and spend that time with something you like to do .
I would suggest dumbbell flys instead .
I never use it .
I think you should do both .
Take a look at these :
It ' s all about adhesion .
I don ' t know where you would buy it but it would be really easy to pour it .
If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it , don ' t .
It is the way you walk .
Couple possibilities I can think of :
This isn ' t a bad thing , but you do need to be aware of the choices you make .
It very much depends on the grant in question .
But it ' s still useful to " just know " them , and that will happen with experience .
The above are all good points .
Don ' t rewrite unless you have to .
This makes perfect sense .
You have to know what you want to do .
Personally , I would say not unless it suits you .
I don ' t know what is better , but I think it depends on where you want to publish .
Can you do it ?
If they don ' t respond to e-mail , I ' d try to give them a call .
I ' ve done this many dozens of times .
You should go with 3 .
You can do it , too .
If you have papers .
Depends on what your goal is .
I ' m pretty sure you ' re looking for Toy Soldiers ( 1991 ) .
There are two reasons that I can think of off the top of my head .
I think you should do both .
Not much you can do besides :
It ' s not your money .
I can think of a few things that you should not look for :
How to do that ?
You don ' t have to worry .
The more you do this , the easier it gets .
I found some link that might be of help to you :
It depends on what you mean by " sufficient " .
I ' ve never had a problem with a full passport .
There are many synonyms to but .
I would say it is impossible to know , so don ' t risk it .
The answer to your question is not really .
You don ' t , it will not work .
Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl .
The movie you ' re looking for is most probably Daybreakers .
I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from .
What do you want us to say ?
I don ' t think that there is any deletion going on .
You should , but you don ' t have to .
It really depends on your audience and setting .
I think it would .
There is really no reason against immunisation .
It ' s definitely just a matter of preference .
It ' s a good idea to do both .
Have you tried asking your employees ?
No , it won ' t be a problem .
I think that suits you and your tower well .
You can buy it separately online for $ 12 .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
If it ' s written for the interview , then no , don ' t .
You could try something like chicken thighs .
Harold McGee discusses this in On Food And Cooking .
This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references .
There are quite a few things you would need to do ;
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
I think it ' s a bad idea .
There is usually no reason not to include something in a thesis .
But if you don ' t want to quit , the above are your options , as I see it .
It depends on your country .
It depends on what they are .
I think the answer depends widely on where you are looking .
You will also want to remove the seeds .
You could buy a new Fluidmaster .
If the work is in your area of interest / expertise , there is always a potential for conflict of interest .
It may not be clearly understood by the child as a teaching tool , but it is .
You could try something like chicken thighs .
It depends on what you want to achieve .
There is no correct answer .
I would say , unless you know it is safe for cats assume it to be poisonous .
There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you .
That ' s not a lot of depth .
Since you have one ticket , you don ' t have to worry .
I don ' t think you should be concerned .
I think it is depends on the program .
You don ' t want that to be your first impression .
Also , are you sure you know what you want to write about ?
You can marinate , or brine it , but you don ' t need to .
You ' re thinking about it the wrong way .
You ' re not going to be able to make it out to buy clothes once baby ' s born .
I don ' t see why there should be an issue .
It could be a ton if you don ' t use the deductions you can .
by doing so I run the risk of appearing anti-social and unproductive
It depends on how good you want to be .
I ' m a big fan of the fledgling online onetsp.com .
Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK .
It depends on how long it ' s been out .
Try to always go .
Here are some things you can do to soften the blow :
I don ' t know what is better , but I think it depends on where you want to publish .
The HarpAndDragon website should be able to help you .
I don ' t see why this could be a problem .
I really do not think there is much you can do about that .
Some of what you can do :
Yes you got it .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do here .
Although it ' s possible to do what you ' re asking I wouldn ' t recommend it .
Since you have one ticket , you don ' t have to worry .
Remember this is your degree we are talking about , its up to you what you want to do .
How should you do that ?
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
I ' m pretty certain we have a very similar question here , but I can ' t find it ...
It depends on how bad the wall is .
You don ' t have to be happy about .
I don ' t think it is inappropriate .
It depends on how the cheese is made .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
Yes , you need to file a tax return .
The answer depends on where you are .
You do not need to worry .
I am in a similar situation .
If you aren ' t getting that , what is the purpose of watching it in the first place .
my fridge had exactly the same problem and it turned out to be a failing relay .
Yes , you can do exactly what you want to do .
It is not a good idea .
There is always time to do what you want to do .
You don ' t have to know .
What is your paper for ?
All of the answers to date are good .
You don ' t need sauce at all .
Depends on where you are .
It really depends on your audience and setting .
I have had the same problem .
It ' s just practice and perseverance .
I ' m not 100 % sure , but it sounds like you ' re referring to Explorers .
It depends on what you want to be able to do .
If you have too much to do , you turn it down .
Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem .
It ' s up to you what you want to do next .
This is a question with no answer .
It depends on the room temperature where you live .
It depends how you ' re stating it .
First of all , ask yourself if you really want to work for the company in the long run .
A couple things to consider :
What would the lumber-jack need to be like to make a good story out of this idea ?
I have just had the same problem .
It depends on your company .
I would not recommend gluing it .
So I think it up to you .
I agree with Jolenealaska .
Don ' t rewrite unless you have to .
It ' s just worn out and not safe .
It depends on how bad the wall is .
So I think it up to you .
It is up to you .
You need to learn to use Components in SketchUp ; they do exactly what you want .
I agree with the others .
A couple of good reasons .
What kind of homework is it ?
" How do you want to stop me ?
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
Depends on what your goal is .
My answer to your question is " Probably Not " .
It all depends on your goal .
It ' s just worn out and not safe .
They have different characteristics , and you ' ll want to decide what ' s important to you .
It depends on how the cheese is made .
I don ' t know about direct , but you could do it in two legs .
It depends on the circuit you do .
I don ' t think there ' s any problem with this at all .
As I have said , most librarians will not be able to do the search for you .
So I think it up to you .
It doesn ' t have anything to do with intellect or knowing that you are actually spending money .
Another thing to consider is salt ..
If , however , you don ' t think that you can do the job - don ' t apply .
I would suggest Markdown .
Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it .
I don ' t have to tell you . "
I don ' t think there ' s a good answer to your question .
If you decide to work 12hrs / day but get tired , then you ' ll need to factor in rest time .
This is a good thing .
At the moment , there ' s nothing you can do about what already has happened .
How do I do that ?
It depends on what you are reading .
I ' m thinking it ' s a bad idea .
It depends on what you want to get out of your career .
A lot of good answers already .
I wouldn ' t put this job on my resume .
If you don ' t have a degree , you will need to prove it in some other way .
This is a difficult one .
I don ' t want to tell you what to do , but 13 is older than you think .
Don ' t worry , you can do it .
It depends on the employer .
If you do , if you skip a session , you won ' t need to adjust your food intake .
I don ' t know what is better , but I think it depends on where you want to publish .
I would say it depends .
If he escalates it , or simply won ' t stop , then you can go to your manager .
I have been in a similar situation .
Even if you aren ' t the person ' s boss , you can do this .
One , I ' m not sure where I am .
Some of the things I do :
What kind of work is it that you want to do ?
The answer to that question is yes .
I think you ' re looking for the movie
It depends on your country .
If they don ' t already know , what credibility do you have to tell them .
Yes , you can use it .
I ' m going through this exact same problem .
The only thing I could find is this one , it ' s not clear glass though .
This is very important .
Unfortunately that ' s how it is .
However , there are some things you can do :
To directly answer the two questions in your title .
Valid reasons to feel the way you do , but not a reason to resign .
You ' ll have to restore your confidence in yourself because no one is going to do it for you .
I ' ve had good luck with the Iron Gym Pull Up bar .
As far as I know no active fan is required by code in laundry rooms .
I don ' t know if you ' re still watching this question , so I ' ll be brief .
I agree with Oded ' s answer and would like to add one important step .
It depends on how the term is used I think .
So , CAN you do this ?
Thanks for all the suggestions .
does not need to be cited .
It depends on what exactly you ' re doing .
Of course this is a good idea .
Probably the first thing to do is realize that no two people are actually identical .
I don ' t think there is an answer for this .
There are a couple things you can try .
Simple advice is to take singing lessons .
You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within .
It depends on how much work you want to do .
It ' s a good idea .
It ' s not a spectator sport .
You don ' t have equipments / facilities to do research in B .
If we ask you to do something , it ' s because we want you to be happy .
You ' ve pretty much answered your own question .
When buying a car , don ' t think of it as investment but rather as a luxury .
There are a few things I don ' t understand :
You know that isn ' t my reason .
my mom always told me a little bit of baking soda .
The more you sweat , the faster you will burn calories and fat .
I have to ask , why would you want to add water ?
I have worked on a project similar to this .
From what you have written you do not seem to be so .
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
It depends on what you want to say / imply .
if you don ' t know when or how to clean it .
You ' ve got it right .
You don ' t need to prove it .
There is always time to do what you want to do .
You pretty much answered your own question .
It really depends on your usage .
No , you should not worry .
You may be able to , but I wouldn ' t recommend it .
Can they do this ?
It sounds like you don ' t know what you are doing with regards to electricity .
A couple of good reasons .
You can do it , too .
If this is the case , you really don ' t need to be as worried about steak .
I had the same problem as you .
I just had the same problem .
If you do want to help but want to be paid .
Some of the things I do :
But you don ' t need to really .
What you can do :
You don ' t need sauce at all .
Yes , there is a reason for it .
Yes , although they can be a bit sour .
I would say that it is unethical .
I don ' t have to tell you . "
I ' d like to suggest Google Docs .
I don ' t think you should be conveying this , but rise to the opportunity instead .
Also , if you die , you don ' t have to repay , don ' t know if it helps .
Basically , if you have to hide this from the boss it ' s a problem .
I would look at this way :
I think there are two things you need to consider .
I must ask you , are you sure this is what you want to do ?
I think you will find it hard to do .
Sure you can have one , no one is going to arrest you for putting it in .
You ' re on the right path .
'Cause if you don ' t , no one ' s going to pay you to use the universe .
The problem is the tools .
I ' ll answer this question :
You should , but you don ' t have to .
Have you considered moleskin ?
No , I don ' t think you should contact the editor .
It will get better .
Also , I don ' t think it ' s a matter of being " junior " .
They are very similar , but not the same .
I ' ll answer this question :
As for saying you can ' t do something , I think it depends on how you say it .
Have a look at these :
I think it really depends on your recipe .
The best thing you can do is shop around , and tell your current company that you ' re shopping .
This is an older question , but I thought I ' d give my 2 cents :
The simple answer is yes !
To do this you need to learn about what you are investing in .
Most of all , you need to decide what you want out of a salary and go from there .
From my own personal experience , I don ' t think you need to force the issue .
Volcanic water is not a problem .
Some of the things I do :
It depends on how bad the wall is .
It is up to you .
I don ' t think there are any benefits .
Probably not a good idea .
It is up to you whether you want to do that .
If you think you lack the experience for the position then you ' re not going to get it .
This is a hard one .
The Joker doesn ' t care about money .
Have you already seen this ?
In Thailand , it depends on where you ' ll be going .
Don ' t think of it as insurance for you in case you can ' t pay .
And the good thing is , that when you will have your own children you can cancel the subscription .
So I don ' t think you need to put it on the cover .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
If it ' s on the same ticket , it ' s not your problem .
You have a good job , and you need to do the work you are hired to do .
I personally don ' t think there is any harm .
Concentration - focus on one thing at a time so as to do each task better and faster .
It is difficult , if not impossible , to give a complete answer to this question .
Your best bet is research .
I don ' t think you should use a software .
You don ' t have to worry .
This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX .
You work on it slowly .
You shouldn ' t need to let everyone know .
If you know your stuff , then you don ' t have to argue that you learn fast .
There is no safety reason to do so .
You can do it .
That IS worth the effort .
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do .
You have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demands you can live with .
If you don ' t ask for what you want , you will not likely get it .
You do not need to worry .
Yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal .
If you do speak to her , be aware that she is not going to immediately agree with you .
You don ' t need any visa .
If this is what you mean by parquet , I don ' t suggest it .
If this is it , you don ' t need to add sugar at all .
I do not think there is any difference .
I agree with phil above .
Your friend should ask his boss to confirm what he wants to do in writing .
A postdoc is a time limited academic job , a PhD is a research student position .
We had the same problem and it turned our to be due to the temperature changes in the fridge .
Don ' t worry , Germans are usually polite .
So if that ' s what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .
But , my bet is that you are not going to be successful .
There are a couple things you can do :
Yes , you should make a résumé .
Maybe it doesn ' t .
You shouldn ' t feel any obligation at all .
If you haven ' t done your homework , you shouldn ' t be in the meeting .
I think this is what you are looking for : http : / / en.ardennes-etape.be / tourism-in-the-ardennes .
I think it probably depends on your money .
This sound like a very bad idea .
The best information I was able to find the answer is : NO .
I think that ' s a great plan .
If you think the product isn ' t what you want , don ' t buy it .
How lonely it is !
You don ' t have to leave to see what others will pay you .
Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl .
I think it ' s just a habit .
It depends on where you live and what your situation is .
Two options I can think of :
I ' ve cooked this several times .
I don ' t think there is a precise interpretation of italics .
i think it depends what you want :
If you don ' t follow-up , then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it .
http : / / www.flightstats.com / go / FlightRating / flightRatingByRoute.do I think thats what you ' re looking for
I don ' t see any starch on the list .
Other than that you don ' t have a tax issue .
There ' s no rule against it .
What are you goals ?
Depends on what your goal is .
But I don ' t think you ' ll find that in a restaurant .
What you should do is up to you .
The sooner you do it the easier it will be .
I do this too .
This is not the answer you want but I have to get it out of my chest .
The bigger it is , the more you want to do it .
You don ' t need to prepare in any special way for such interview .
It depends on your country .
So I think it up to you .
There ' s no VAT in the US .
What you want to say is that you read a lot .
You do not need to worry .
I am 13 and in this situation .
If nothing happens , you need to sit down and think about what you want to do next .
Do you have any flexibility with your hours at work ?
If you ' re going to go for well done , you might want to consider a braise .
I don ' t think you can .
The above answers are all correct .
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want .
Do you want to know the answer ?
Depends on what your goal is .
No , as far as we know to this moment it is not .
You don ' t have to know .
You may deserve every dime of the money you ask for but that ' s not the point .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do here .
You pretty much answered your own question .
All of the answers to date are good .
Some of the things I do :
You need to spend a lot of time and do so frequently .
I think it depends on the piece and on what it ' s for .
I ' m going to be very direct here .
I ' m really not qualified to respond to the second part of your question .
If you know something the market doesn ' t that ' s going to be good for price , hold .
I would recommend you to do three things about this :
Depends on the place where you apply for .
There are brackets for this type of thing :
You do not need a transit visa , but to enter Zurich you will need a visa .
If she doesn ' t like it , she can find something for you to do .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
It is up to you .
No , you don ' t need a transit visa .
It depends on the circuit you do .
Hot or not ? Now turn the main on , and B2 off .
It depends on what you want to have in your tank .
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
A lot of it has to do with your programming .
A few things to think about :
You don ' t have to know .
Voltron is the name of the show you ' re looking for
I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck .
Point is : know what you want and don ' t be afraid to ask for it .
If she really wants to do it , I wouldn ' t try to hold her back .
I guess it depends on the nature of your contract .
I would avoid putting it in the dough as it will change the texture .
I also think it depends on your living situation .
You have to know what you want to do .
This varies by institution .
It very much depends on the program .
A similar question to this was asked over the last couple of weeks .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
You may want to find a partner to write with .
I have the same problem .
Some of what you can do :
I ' ve done this in a similar situation .
I have the exact same problem .
I don ' t think it makes much difference .
If you have too much to do , you turn it down .
You need to ask your boss what you need to do to get the promotion you want .
It depends on your local corporate culture .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
I don ' t think there ' s much you can do .
The answer depends on where you are .
You ' re right on about the sample definition .
You don ' t have to configure anything .
There is no way to win it .
I am not a veterinarian .
Is the movie you are looking for Unknown .
The simple answer is yes !
If you don ' t follow-up , then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it .
You are on the right path .
If not , the kindest thing you can do is to let them go .
There is no reason for the professor to shout .
I don ' t think that this temperature range should be a problem for the spirits .
Nope that will not work .
If you really want it , you will change your habits to get the time .
I agree with the other answers here .
The card you have is fine .
As you can see here , you can do it with a chef ' s knife .
I don ' t know if that will work , but it certainly isn ' t the traditional method .
I don ' t know the whole algorithm , but I found the formula you ' d need to derive it .
The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold .
It ' s mostly a matter of taste .
I agree with the other posters .
This really depends on your twins .
It really depends on the hostel you book .
Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift .
I think it ' s unprofessional to ask for a one off payment .
I have the same issue .
Interesting question but ultimately the answer is no .
Take a look at creative nonfiction .
You are not a runner .
If you don ' t follow-up , then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it .
But the simplest thing you can do is to try it out .
In the first case , I think you don ' t need it .
I think this is not such a good idea .
Code share flight have two numbers , one for each airlines .
try to write all the things down you need to do , that will definitely be a help .
I think it depends very much on what you mean by " have to decline " .
There is no answer .
I would not recommend gluing it .
This is not something strange .
Yes , you can do it .
You are the one asking for reassignment and will get what is available if there is something .
I don ' t think there ' s any problem with this at all .
I have never used extruders , but I make a lot of tagliatelle using my pasta roller .
Depends a little on your field .
Here ' s how I have worked it out .
You can try http : / / www.holidayen.com / .
I had the same situation .
You have to find out what works for you .
Again depending on your needs , you will have to pick what is best for you .
And it ' s not a qualification .
There are two things to consider :
But if you owe money , you don ' t get to decide that .
There are several options :
This is very subjective but I think charcoal grilled food is better .
I don ' t think you should quit .
If you have a story to tell , it should be possible to tell that story in your setting .
Look - I understand you need to do this quick and you know its wrong to put on vinyl .
My first suggestion would be a " dutch oven " at a low temperature .
There are two options for you -
I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from .
There is no name for it that I ' m aware of .
Use an arrangement that makes sense to you .
It depends on how it ' s used .
It depends on what you are reading .
As you can see in this simple example there is a lot of information .
I have just had the same problem .
It really depends on your audience and setting .
This recipe just has a lot of liquid in you can see her dressing is very fluid .
You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you .
It might alter the way you perform .
You have to do them low and slow .
In general , it ' s better if you don ' t use them .
You don ' t know what your manager wants from you .
Do you want to know the answer ?
They just don ' t want you to know it .
I do not know the difference .
You don ' t even need to tape it , so what if it cracks .
You don ' t HAVE to make that mistake , so DON ' T .
If you want to build wealth , you ' re doing it wrong .
It ' s really up to you .
I ' ve had the same problem once .
It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit .
Focus on what you need the scene to do .
I don ' t think it is fair on the employer to pay you to do that .
I suggest that you make it how you think it would be done .
It depends on where you are in the world .
I believe this is the answer to both questions :
The problem is the tools .
You may want to bring a phrase book to help you with greetings and simple phrases .
That ' s roughly along the lines of what I ' d do anyways .
I think it ' s a bad idea .
No , it ' s not a good thing .
There are a few things you can do to thicken your sauce :
If you think you lack the experience for the position then you ' re not going to get it .
you have a couple of options :
It depends on the reason .
You want to show progression in responsibilities on your resume , and it looks like you have that .
If you are depressed enough that you don ' t feel you have friends , find a counselor .
It really depends on how much you play .
I think it is depends on the program .
I wouldn ' t advise you what to do with your resume , it ' s up to you .
What you should do is up to you .
I think it ' s impossible to give a definitive answer to that question .
This is not uncommon in a water heater .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
Actually I think it ' s here :
Also if you want to get a bit stronger / muscular you will need to increase your physical activity .
It shouldn ' t hurt you to tell C and they might give you the time you want .
I think it ' s a bad idea .
You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it .
All the answers above are great .
This is a big problem .
I ' ve had good luck baking naan on an indoor grill .
This is how you learn to read papers .
Some of the things you can do to help are :
The simple answer is no .
If I were you , I ' d do the following .
If the conversation is not about work , you know what the answer is to your own question .
It ' s not a problem :
This depends a bit on what you are applying for .
Then decide if you really want to get involved and how you want to approach it .
This cannot be answered in general .
You don ' t need to have proof , you ' re just reporting what you noticed .
There is no quarantine period .
As for saying you can ' t do something , I think it depends on how you say it .
Just off the top of my head , I thought of :
This isn ' t a bad thing , but you do need to be aware of the choices you make .
What you should do is up to you .
I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool .
Your performance may be great , but it means nothing if you are not in the office .
I don ' t think there is a single definition .
( But for that , I don ' t think you have to do them in the morning .
The answer depends on where you are .
You don ' t have to worry .
I think you ' re looking for the movie
Not a good idea .
other : " can you show me how to do this ? "
You don ' t have to worry .
However , this may not be a DIY job .
It depends on your country .
You ' re probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want .
The problem is that you ' re using a lid .
The short answer to your question is " maybe " , but probably not .
I don ' t know what would be useful at your company , but something in that direction .
Other than that it won ' t make a difference which one you pick .
The first thing you ' re going to want to do is read and read a lot .
It ' s all about adhesion .
I agree with the above .
Don ' t worry , you can do it .
Microwave would be your best bet .
But it is not a good idea .
I don ' t see any problem with the grammar of this .
If you have too much to do , you turn it down .
No it was not a hallucination .
I don ' t know that I ' d do this myself .
Depends on what your goal is .
I have exactly the same problem .
I am afraid that this is a visa scam .
I don ' t think it really matters exactly what happened .
Yes , it can be done .
It has nothing to do with SE really .
I don ' t think you should .
The answer to your question is not really .
But it is not a good idea .
I don ' t understand why there should be a problem .
If you want to really find your style , you have to work for it .
So if that ' s what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .
I have the same problem .
You should alternate strength training and HIIT , better not do them on the same day .
Do you have a title ?
) , but the intervals between them are not the same .
I think it ' s just a habit .
I think you will find it hard to do .
I don ' t know what is better , but I think it depends on where you want to publish .
The short answer is no , you don ' t need it .
It does not sound at all normal to me .
What you need to consider is how you do other things in life .
You should never do it .
Sometimes I ' m in a similar situation .
I had the same issue .
This depends on exactly what equpiment you ' re using .
Share it if you want to , don ' t share it if you don ' t want to .
There are several things you need to do .
Patents are the way to go if you have to make money from a smart idea in the academia .
I think it ' s just a habit .
I believe the movie you are looking for is Embrace Of The Vampire
This is a bad idea .
I don ' t think that you need a saw at all .
It ' s a really good read .
There is always things to do , even if you think there is not .
They just don ' t want you to know it .
If you find a publisher of such works , that ' s the place to start .
I would say that the answer is yes .
A couple things to consider :
This is a good question .
I don ' t think there ' s a good reason for it .
I don ' t think there ' s any one universal norm here .
You don ' t have to know .
But you don ' t need to really .
I think what you are seeing could be fluoride that is put in the water by the utility company .
just take a look at the tail .. !
( I may not have to do these things , but I should be able to . )
It depends on what they are .
Other than that you don ' t have a tax issue .
Share it if you want to , don ' t share it if you don ' t want to .
It depends on the age of your child :
I don ' t think you can rescue it , but you can use it .
Unfortunately , there isn ' t much you can do .
You can call and ask , but you are unlikely to get anything useful .
It depends on your country .
Short and quick answer : definitely the Romans were NOT the first .
Even if you do end up leaving , you don ' t know how long it will be .
I ' ve been researching for years .
That being said it is definitely up to you to make the most of your situation .
My guess is that your child will do fine .
It shows you know what you want and you have a good reason to be interested in the school .
This is not necessarily an issue .
Is this the kind of thing you ' re looking for ?
I think there are two important things to consider :
I think the answer depends strongly on where the money comes from .
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
I recommend Amazon for you .
If you don ' t follow-up , then you are someone that will say one thing and not do it .
I think you need to be fair .
There really isn ' t any downside that I ' m aware of .
If you focus on what you want to do , you ' ll find an employer that needs that .
If you just want to do it to promote your books , it probably won ' t work .
And you CAN do your own thing , and you DON ' T need to worry about failing at it .
As part of the , Why do you want to work for this company ?
Yes , there is a chemical difference .
I agree with the earlier answers .
I ' m assuming the following :
Relax , you don ' t need to do anything .
Do you need to incorporate ?
I am in a similar situation , and I believe you are correct .
I ' ve done this many dozens of times .
There are two obstacles :
How you do that is up to you .
It is up to you .
There are a few things you need to consider :
Short answer is yes .
If you want to do it you should do it completely .
This is what I ' d do :
If you put in the work , then you have every right to mention that you did the work .
The hard answer is a straight no .
The answer depends on where you are .
Also , are you sure you know what you want to write about ?
The answer to both questions is : Yes .
However , depending on your local laws , you may be required to have a separate business account .
If the problem is not copyrightable , then you can do whatever you wish .
I think it would .
I have this habit as well .
It depends on your country .
You don ' t HAVE to make that mistake , so DON ' T .
This is a question with no answer .
What I do is this :
That ' s what it did cost .
Depends on the place where you apply for .
Additionally , you can tie a rope to the other end of the brush before you pull it back .
There is no particular restriction against as far as I have known and seen .
I think you have a valid reason to take the other job , if that ' s what you want .
You don ' t need to oil it .
I don ' t think that the paycheck address is the determining factor .
if you want something done , do it yourself .
It is up to you whether you want to do that .
Ask your colleagues to use them .
This is what I ' d do :
It ' s just how long you dry them .
This is a part answer to your question
It will be heavily dependent on the country .
I recently watched this and thought exactly the same thing .
I cannot think of a great reason why you would want to do this .
There are a few things I think you should do .
Ok i ' ve done a research .
You do not need to say " You are wrong . "
You don ' t have to be happy about .
There is always time to do what you want to do .
It depends on what and where you are going to do .
This may not be the case for you , so do what your body tells you to do .
Most of the time that ' s what you want for a good dish .
I don ' t know the credentials of this site , so take it with a grain of salt .
I do not think there ' s any appreciable difference .
http : / / www.kyleswitchplates.com / push-button-light-switches / will get you what you are looking for
Well , there is always the possibility .
ClearJel is a product you may want to look at .
It depends on your country .
You don ' t HAVE to make that mistake , so DON ' T .
If you don ' t want to do Android , it shouldn ' t be on your resume .
I don ' t think there is any truth in that saying .
You have to know what you want to do .
It sounds like you ' re behind on a payment .
Is it a one-off ?
Yes , it is a real issue .
It depends on your country .
You really shouldn ' t have a problem .
There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles .
I had to do the same thing .
If you have a high leptin sensitivity you probably need to eat a lot more than you do now .
I do , it works marvellously for me .
There are a couple things you can do :
Yes , you can do that .
There are only three options :
Think of it this way .
Take them to a professional .
Maybe this can work for you .
For me it looks quite simple :
This is very important .
There is no official government page .
No , you should not worry .
They can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .
This would be a bad idea .
Your main question has been pretty well answered , but I ' d like to clarify a few points :
Only if you know ( or have reason to suspect ) that not doing so would be a detriment .
No , I don ' t think it ' s possible to do that .
It completely depends on what type of work you intend to do .
Microwave would be your best bet .
Your best bet is research .
You don ' t have to prepay .
I think you should do both .
This will depend on the university .
I had the same problem .
This is a reasonable concern , but not necessarily a problem .
The more practice you do the better you will be at it .
I wouldn ' t bring it up .
I agree with everything Matthew G. has said .
I don ' t think anyone is giving you the answer you ' re looking for .
I think it depends how fussy a presentation you are working on .
They just don ' t want you to know it .
It ' s not just a good idea , it ' s an excellent idea .
No , you cannot do that .
Do you need to incorporate ?
I had the same problem as you .
Going in to a interview it is important to ask questions that make people THINK .
I think this is a good way to do it .
If it ' s just for home use and your own enjoyment , then you can do what you want .
Treat it like an investment account .
I think this depends on what level you are teaching at .
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don ' t .
They can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available .
I ' m a huge fan of the Fisher Space Pen .
I ' m a fan of http : / / www.writersbeat.com myself .
I don ' t think there is a single term for your situation , so my answer is none .
I don ' t think there ' s a good answer to your question .
You want the 18k to be there when you need it for the down payment .
For once , I think it ' s possible to give a general opinion .
If you don ' t have enough budget then , we ' ll , you should .
It depends what you want to do with them .
I don ' t think you can re-use the bones and expect to get a good product , no .
No you are not .
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level .
I Agree with Jefromi .
No , you will not need special paperwork or to collect your bags .
I had this same situation .
I don ' t know of a program .
Can you do this ?
Depends on what your goal is .
It ' ll depend on the coach .
Not a good idea .
I think it depends in large part on what the research is .
I can think of two possible explanations :
I think it is depends on the program .
I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents .
I think there are a couple of things that might help .
There are a few possible reasons .
Yes , there is a chemical difference .
To my knowledge , there ' s no time requirement .
This is becoming more common in the UK , but I ' d hang fire as it works two ways .
You don ' t have to know .
You say you do not know what to write .
Depends on the place where you apply for .
A couple of other options for mind-mapping software :
I ' m pretty sure you ' ve already considered this , but just in case you haven ' t ...
You don ' t have to know .
I can think of two suggestions :
You check how important it is for you and your boss that you go to the seminar .
Do you have a car ?
A few things I learned :
You don ' t have to do anything to season it .
I ' ve had good luck with the Iron Gym Pull Up bar .
There is no code telling you that you cannot do this .
I don ' t think there ' s much truth in this claim .
If they do not ask you to qualify your speaking ability , then do not worry about it .
The answer to this one is ' it depends on you'
If you want to really find your style , you have to work for it .
Sometimes the problem is in what you are avoiding to do .
I think the number one thing you can do is plan your internships appropriately .
I would think not .
If you ask , you may not get but if you don ' t ask , you don ' t get .
The best way to do this is to use IRR .
Yes , you should talk to your professor .
I do not think there ' s any appreciable difference .
Some things to check :
I have exactly the same problem .
You don ' t need sauce at all .
I had this problem before .
I have been in a similar situation .
If it ' s the second , I have no idea how to help you .
I ' ll have that report ready for you by the end of the day
I think you are misreading the picture .
What you want to say is that you read a lot .
You don ' t have to badmouth him .
Seems your best bet would be to use resistance bands .
You have to find out what works for you .
I think I would just ignore it .
You can do it , too .
( But for that , I don ' t think you have to do them in the morning .
Depends on what flavours exactly you are going for .
is it this one ?
I ' d add a few things to hobodave ' s response :
If you can afford the help of a personal trainer , go for one .
Here are the obvious things :
It ' s all in how you ask the question .
This really depends on your twins .
To the best of my knowledge , there ' s no firm date requirement .
Take a look at creative nonfiction .
There ' s not a lot you can do about that .
I don ' t know if you ' re working hard , but many people are .
They are not nominative .
Don ' t you hate that ?
There is no universally-agreed way to do it .
Absolutely say you have something to declare .
But really , it depends on how you plan to use it .
It depends on how it ' s used .
This is a part answer to your question
It really isn ' t your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job .
At this stage the best thing for you to do is probably rest .
If you have the willingness , then you can do it yourself .
I am not entirely sure this is the right place to answer those questions .
Most of the work you will need to do for this is during the day .
We don ' t know the brothers were wrong .
It highly depends on the discipline .
And I think its a good way to deal with situation like this .
You can do it .
Here ' s what I found .
What sort of brush is it ?
I don ' t know where you live , but in the UK , they legally have to be .
No , you don ' t need a transit visa .
I disagree with the other answers .
There really isn ' t any good ways that I ' m aware of .
A contact is valuable to you if you think that he could be helpful to you down the line .
This is a really bad idea .
It really depends on your audience and setting .
You need to do whatever you most want to improve on first .
I used the recipe on this website for my first time making yogurt .
Not that this is a direct answer to your specific question , but it may be a solution .
I always freeze it .
So if that ' s what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it .
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it .
The answer is related to what you are connecting , and how you know your boss .
Not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps .
" I used to do it a lot , " I explained , " when I was a kid .
You have to stop them at the source .
But it is not a good idea .
You have not quite mentioned what kind of work you would want to do .
There are two options for you -
It depends on the fine print .
I think you ' re looking for the movie
I was recently in a similar situation .
Let them know that it is ok to come to you any time they have questions in the future .
This is how I suspect the circuit is wired , but you ' ll have to investigate to be sure .
If you are not sure how to do it , don ' t do it at all .
As long as you don ' t block off the vent at all , you should be fine .
I think you ' ve pretty much answered your own question .
Just to correct a couple of mistakes :
I think there ' s a good solution to this .
This depends on the equipment that you are using .
Regarding the first question , you might want to check Maxroam .
I agree with the previous comments .
The short answer is :
If the answer to any of these questions is yes , a PhD may be worthwhile for you .
That depends on which country you are in .
It depends on how the cheese is made .
I had the same problem as you .
It is not your job to agree with the decisions but to do your best to make them work .
Apply to the one you think you want , and also describe that you ' re interested in the other .
Yes Kilz will probably contain it .
I believe this is the episode you are looking for .
Ochef.com answered this question .
The answer you are looking for is in the name of the building .
You are right about the overtaking rules .
This is a bad idea .
I have had the same issue last couple of years .
I don ' t think that there ' s any .
If , as you have indicated , you don ' t want to plan .
Digital Era Threatens Future of Drive-Ins
Jessica murder Manu Sharma gets parole
U.N. Council to Hold Emergency DR Congo Talks
Iran , IAEA resume nuclear talks in Tehran
Thai protestors storm Royal army headquarters in Bangkok
40 still missing in deadly Canada oil train crash
Raghuram Rajan to step into eye of rupee storm as RBInbspguv tomorrow
Iran foreign minister tasked with nuclear talks
Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor , succeeding Michael Bloomberg
United States presses Iraq on reports of arms deal with Iran
Modi appointed PM , swearing-in on May 26
Minn. dad claims third of $ 448M Powerball jackpot
Driver backs into mom , stroller with child then drives off
George Zimmerman arrested in Florida after disturbance call
Gulf of Mexico oil spill : Halliburton pleads guilty to destroying evidence
Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
More Flight MH17 bodies leave Ukraine
Lewis Hamilton holds off Nico Rosberg to claim Spanish Grand Prix
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
TSA drops plan to allow small knives on planes
Edward Snowden leaves Moscow airport
Mursi Supporters Rally in Egypt , Army Shows Muscle
Stocks edge higher after positive economic reports
Bachelet set for big win in Chile ' s 2-woman poll showdown
North Korea offers ' high-level talks ' with US
Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
Bangladesh sentences British Muslim and US citizen to hang
North Korea launches three short-range missiles
Obama begins Africa tour in Senegal
Protests as Beverly Hills demands Brunei sultan sell hotel
Britain to be first Western country to issue sovereign Islamic bond
Angelina Jolie ' s aunt dies of breast cancer
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
Apple files for ' iWatch ' trademark in Japan
Classic crossword - Friday 31st May
Assad : Syria Will Allow Access to Chemical Sites
Maple Leafs edge Canadiens for 4th straight win
Benetton agrees to sign Bangladesh safety pact
Harris charged with 13 child-sex offences
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
7.2 quake hits central Philippines , killing 85
Israeli army resumes Gaza offensive
Berlusconi expelled from Italian parliament
Israel downs rocket near Egypt border
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star dies in car crash
Obama says he ' s having a ' great time ' on vacation
Ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Hong Kong democracy rally organisers arrested
EU foreign ministers to discuss Egypt on Wednesday
Google poised to sell Motorola to Lenovo
Dozens dead , 1,000 injured in China quake
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Heavy Smog Hits North China City , Flights Canceled
Bombs and gunbattle kill at least 4 in Somali capital
U.N. Rights Council Launches Sri Lanka War Crimes Probe
North West mining royalties misused - report
Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
Pope Francis announces first visit to Holy Land
Chemical arms watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize
Heineken profits fall on lower sales
UN vote on Aust MH17 resolution
Nelson Mandela dies at age 95
Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
Cryptic crossword - Friday 31st May
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Uganda ' s president signs harsh anti-gay law
Manchester City win English Premier League title
Angelina Jolie ' s aunt dies from breast cancer
Rocks , tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Boston Marathon bomb suspect buried in Virginia
Iran and UN Discuss Agreement on Syria Assistance
UN inspectors arrive in Damascus on chemical probe
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
Man Arrested Outside John Kerry ' s House in Mass .
Bryan Cranston to return as Walter White for Breaking Bad spin off
Six Cambodian opposition politicians charged with insurrection
China army newspaper slams US ' s PRISM program
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
Tokyo to host 2020 Games
Japan upper house vote to set ruling bloc ' s power
EDL leaders arrested on way to Woolwich
Mass grave found near Mexico City
Fugitive Snowden ' s hopes of leaving Moscow airport dashed
AirAsia chief hopes to raise up to $ 300 mn from IPO
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 525
Thai prime minister dissolves parliament
Michael Schumacher is in a STABLE condition in hospital - according to his manager
Turkish Police Clear Taksim Square
Conservative leader Abbott sweeps into power in Australian elections
Karzai Says Afghanistan Won ' t Be A Repeat Of Iraq
Wing walker , pilot die in biplane crash at Ohio air show
Child abuse images to be wiped from web
Nelson Mandela laid to rest
Texas senator filibusters against abortion bill
RFK killer Sirhan Sirhan moved to another prison -- on anniversary of JFK assassination
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
Two killed in Bahrain car blast
Global chemical watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize
Tropical Storm Andrea bearing down on Florida
Watchdog : Syria hands over last of its declared chemical weapons
Egypt ' s el-Sissi sworn in as president
Soccer Referee Punched by Player in Utah Dies
Ukraine crisis : Insurgents attack border guards
Suicide car bomb kills 30 in Baghdad cafe
Obama pressures Republicans to raise the debt ceiling
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
Actor Bob Hoskins dies at 71
Venezuela ' s Maduro pledges continued alliance with Cuba
US President sweats over sweaters during NY shopping stop
Stocks , bonds rally after Summers exits Fed race
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Python kills security guard in Bali
Obama to meet South Korean leader
Russia warns it will ' respond ' if interests in Ukraine attacked
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Belgian King Albert II to abdicate in favor of his son
Suicide Bomber Kills 15 in Northern Iraq
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
Hundreds evacuated as Sumatran volcano erupts
Latest Storm to Bring More Snow to East Coast
Aid pushes through to Philippine typhoon survivors
NTU slips in world university rankings
Buddhist mob attacks mosque in Sri Lanka ' s capital
Machete-wielding student aimed for mass carnage in Colorado
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
Man set on fire on National Mall
Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Manila charges China fishermen over reef crash
Israel says it conducted missile tests in Mediterranean
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Bangladesh court sentences 152 soldiers to death in mutiny
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
'Fast & amp ; Furious ' star dies in car crash
Car Bombs Kill Four in Turkish Town on Syrian Border
Actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead
Turkey may deploy army to end protests
Vivienne Westwood joins Balcombe fracking protest
GOP Sen. Kirk announces support for gay marriage
Couple get married in Britain ' s first Scientology wedding
Shenzhou-10 capsule : China launches 15-day manned space mission
PM : UK has ' paid a very high price ' in Afghanistan
Russian Opposition Leader Placed Under House Arrest
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Syrian opposition agrees to Geneva peace talks
Clegg and Farage are extremists on Europe , says Cameron
Boeing 777 crashes while landing at San Francisco airport
Swedish court upholds arrest warrant for Julian Assange
Uganda ' s president to sign anti-homosexuality bill
Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
Ancelotti named Real Madrid coach
Easing of concerns over Syria boost Asian shares
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
Divers find human remains near Italian shipwreck
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Police : Ohio mobile home fire kills man , 5 kids
Japanese politician arrested in China for transporting drugs
New York train crash kills four , injures dozens
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
African nations press UN Council to suspend Kenya case
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in major reorganization
More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya ' s al-Kweifiya prison
Dutch couple kidnapped in Yemen plead for help in video
China lands robot rover on moon
Malaysian plane shot down over Ukraine
Philippines welcomes 100millionth baby
US embassy in Israel marks 4th of July
Microsoft CEO Ballmer to retire within 12 months
Protesters celebrate after police leave Istanbul square
Dozens missing after boat sinks off Malaysia
Obama lashes North Korea as weak pariah state
Bradley Manning says he wants to live as a woman
Libya ' s first post-uprising prosecutor general shot dead
France to send more soldiers to Central African Republic
US to Seek International Coalition on Syria
Phil Mickelson wins the Open Championship with superb final-round 66
Bangladesh garment factory owners surrender over deadly fire
Sopranos star James Gandolfini dies aged 51
Bangladesh Building death toll passes 600
Petkovic , Halep Reach French Open Semifinals
Ukraine ' s parliament votes to dismiss president
Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
Cyclone Phailin leaves trail of destruction
Hezbollah leader vows to fight on in Syria
Israel starts ground offensive in Gaza
IMF approves 17 billion USD aid package for Ukraine
North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
Abortion Bill : Second night of debating in the Dail new Irish politicians have begun a second night of debating divisive laws that will legislate for the first time for abortion in limited circumstanc
Israel retaliates after multiple rockets fired from Lebanon
Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
At least 6 dead in Navy Yard shooting
Everest avalanche kills 12 guides
Lebanon : Sectarian clashes in northern city kill 9
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in drone strike
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
Obama taps Foxx - NC mayor - to run Transportation
Ship sinks after collision off Philippines ; 24 dead
Syria opposition votes to join peace talks
Sir Mick Jagger ' to become great-grandfather'
Samantha Lewthwaite : Interpol issues global arrest warrant for White Widow
Philadelphia woman pleads guilty to killing 2 Canadian tourists
Obama to attend memorial service in Johannesburg
Pakistan releases seven Taliban prisoners
Fast-moving wildfire spreads to Yosemite National National Park
North Korea says it will deport Australian missionary
Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
NFL seeks US $ 1.5m over Super Bowl finger
Saudis held over Tanzania attack
Obama cancels meetings with Putin amid tensions
Israel officials : Strike on Syria targeted weapons
Twenty20 World Cup : West Indies rout Bangladesh
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Minimum alcohol pricing ' will save 860 lives a year ' , experts claim
Iran ' s President-Elect Calls Israel a ' Wound'
Margaret Thatcher dead after stroke
Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
19 firefighters killed in Arizona blaze
France deports Tunisian suspected of recruiting jihadists for Syria
2 Pussy Riot band arrested in Sochi
Adele named richest young musician with £ 45 million
Tropical Storm Andrea drenches Florida ' s west coast
UN withdraws Iran ' s invite to Syria peace talks
Afghan president delays signing US deal
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
US strike kills 2 senior al-Shabaab militants in Somalia
Amazon ' s Bezos rescued by Ecuador Navy due to kidney stone
Captain , crew of South Korean ferry that sank arrested
Germany crush Brazil 7-1 to reach World Cup final
Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police
Egypt ' s Morsi faces trial for prison break
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty , jury says
U.S. urges North Korea to release 85-year-old war veteran
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Bolshoi director Sergei Filin confronts alleged acid attacker in court
Deadly plane crashes at San Francisco airport
Maya Angelou dies at age 86
François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Egypt ' s Hosni Mubarak released from prison
Actor Bob Hoskins Dead at 71
UN Inspectors Visit Alleged Chemical Attack Site
Thailand ' s army declares martial law , denies coup
Demolition work to begin at stadium
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
Stocks End Mixed as Black Friday Unfolds
Blast in Pakistani city of Quetta kills at least 20
Nibali set for Tour de France glory
Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park
British oil worker killed in Brazil
Jos . A. Bank buying Eddie Bauer in $ 825M deal
Scolari backs England to impress at World Cup
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Woman dies in Channel charity swim
Dozens Killed in China Marketplace Bombing
At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
Siemens boss Peter Loescher to go after poor results
French Open live : Rafael Nadal beats Novak Djokovic in final
India ' s first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela
Sen. Mark Kirk announces support for same-sex marriage
Fast-Moving New Mexico Blaze Causes ...
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
US committed to providing non-lethal aid to Syria opposition
Hosni Mubarak to be freed within days , lawyer says
G7 leaders agree on new sanctions against Russia
Syrian opposition seeks rebels ' blessing to enter peace talks
High court checks President ' s recess appointment power
Abdel Fattah al-Sisi sworn in as Egypt president
Three arrested in dissident republican inquiry
Obama hails Mandela ' s inspiration effect
China airs confession by detained blogger
Three women , missing for years , found in US home
British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
Nazi war criminal dies
Harris faces three new sex assault charges
Eight missing after ships collide
Deutsche Telekom profit up , cuts outlook
South trains halted by suspected bomb
Japan mob loans scandal claims another lender
Eurozone debt crisis is over , says France ' s President
What makes India vote ? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
Cyclone Phailin kills 14 , leaves trail of destruction in India
Golden Dawn leader remanded in custody
'De-Americanized ' World Needed after U.S. Shutdown , Says China Media
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane ' crashes off Vietnam'
French troop deployment lessens violence in Central African Republic
'Hundreds dead ' in South Sudan clashes
Pistorius Neighbour Woke To ' Terrible Screams'
Powerful Blast Injures up to 40 in Prague
Interim deal struck on Iran ' s nuclear program
Microsoft To Cut 18,000 Jobs In Cost Plan
Iran to build 2nd nuclear power plant
Mohawk actor August Schellenberg dies at 77
French soldier stabbed on patrol in Paris
White diamond fetches record $ 34m at HK auction
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
Car bomb near Iraq church kills at least 14
Italy finally forms new government
Israel , Hamas agree to Gaza ' humanitarian ' pause
Malaysia : Chinese satellite found object in ocean
Three-year-old child in critical condition after 11 are injured in Chicago park shooting
Standard Chartered profit sags
Clashes in Turkey extend into night
Media : 2 rockets explode in Hof Ashkelon regional council
Dutch team heads for MH17 crash site
Rossi absent from Italy World Cup squad
Indian building collapse deaths rise to 14
Rwanda genocide trial opens in Paris , French first
Russell Whirlwind Century Stuns Tigers
Death toll in Bangladesh building collapse rises to 164
CII endorses underage marriage
Building collapses in Philadelphia , 14 pulled from rubble
JPMorgan to pay over $ 2.5 billion in Madoff fraud
Nineteen hurt in Mother ' s Day shooting in New Orleans
Four French journalists freed 10 months after being kidnapped in Syria
Treasury proposes 1.5 % income tax raise in budget
Russian opposition leader Navalny briefly detained
Blast at Japan Chemical Plant , 5 Killed
US hijacker returns home from Cuba after 30 years
Netherlands Loses S & P Triple-A Credit Rating
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
Pawar sparks row with ' bogus voting ' remark , plays down it
Malaysian plane shot down over Ukraine
Pakistan PM heads to Kabul to push peace efforts
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies
Gaza crisis UN Security Council calls for unconditional ceasefire
China market inferno kills 15
Bodies of Eight Beheaded Fishermen Found on Boat in Philippines
U.S. extends embassy closures due to ' serious threat'
AstraZeneca board rejects new Pfizer offer
Putin signs pardon for Mikhail Khodorkovsky
Turkish police launch assault on protesters in Istanbul park
North Korea fires short-range missiles into Sea of Japan
Madagascar presidential election kicks off
Forest team tackles fire drill in NE China
Anti-Hezbollah Protester Killed in Lebanon
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian ' Provocation'
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
Ethiopia : South Sudan Government , Rebels to Hold Talks
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
Hezbollah chief killed in Beirut
Starbucks starts paying UK corporation tax
Cop who pepper-sprayed students seeks workers comp , claims psychiatric injury
US actor Philip Seymour Hoffman found dead in New York
Turkish court cancels disputed Istanbul park project
Laos defence chief killed in plane crash
Helicopter Crash in Glasgow , Scotland
Russian journalist killed in Ukraine
Afghans Vote In Presidential Runoff
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Egypt extends presidential election voting 1 day
China welcomes US , Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
Egyptians ' say yes ' to new constitution
Four jailed for neo-Nazi killing spree that terrified Hungary ' s Roma
Cambodian strongman PM ' s party claims election win
Twitter Prices I.P.O. at $ 26 a Share
13 : 23 PSNI ' failed RUC officer families'
Obama hails responders at San Francisco plane crash
Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
Belgium King Albert II ' to abdicate'
Iranian rial climbs 10 percent after new president elected
Pistorius pleads not guilty to murder as trial starts
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
Plane ' s pilots under scrutiny in mystery
Boston bombing suspect reported cornered on boat
German Chancellor Angela Merkel injured in ski accident in Switzerland
Chinese and American Ships Nearly Collide in South China Sea
French soldier stabbed on patrol in Paris
4 French journalists held hostage in Syria freed
US , Russia Closer to Agreement on Syrian Chemical Weapons
First book printed in the US sells for $ 14.2 million at Sotheby ' s auction
Duma faction leaders to submit statement on Crimean referendum
US , UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
New Australia government upholds ban on Huawei
UN chief withdraws invitation for Iran to join Syria peace talks
Anthony Weiner ' s campaign manager calls it quits , report claims
Deadly tornado hits Oklahoma City suburb , at least 37 dead
Daughter and son-in-law accused of murdering elderly couple found buried in back garden after vanishing 15 years ago are remanded in custody
Egypt ' s Sisi sworn in as president
Japan , S Korean military planes defy China ' s new defence zone
Russia drops charges vs 16 Greenpeace activists
Taliban gunmen storm Pakistan prison , free hundreds
Brazilian Military ruler Paulo Malhaes dead
Israel : Syria using chem weapons
Yale University in lockdown amid gunman alert
Workers ' losing track of pensions'
Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
Syrian opposition seeks rebels ' blessing to enter peace talks
US issues global travel alert , cites al-Qaida threat
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
Mt Gox finds 200,000 ' forgotten ' bitcoins
Deadly Violence Marks Egypt Revolt Anniversary
Mandela ' s condition has ' worsened over past 48 hours'
NY Funeral Held for Woman Killed in DC Car Chase
China lands robot rover on moon
Florida Congressman Young Dies at 82
Eurozone unemployment at new record
Cyprus finance minister resigns
Couple found dead in swimming pool both drowned , tests reveal
4 officers injured in attack on Egyptian military intelligence offices
Death Toll in Pakistan Church Bombing Rises to 81
Earthquake hits near Indonesia islands
U.S. Senate backs border amendment to immigration bill
Fox News anchor freed after arrest for belligerence at airport
Two teenagers arrested after string of sex attacks on Manchester University campus
Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
Australian spirits are high aft ...
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Duchess of Cambridge gives birth to baby boy
Planes in ' near miss ' at Vietnam airport
Israelis , Palestinians set for talks on home turf
Councils ' unprepared ' for deep cuts
India ' s Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
Bangladesh factory collapse survivor gives up garment work
Cleveland kidnapper Castro commits suicide in prison cell
Teen stowaway ' traveled to Hawaii on plane wheel well'
Carphone Warehouse and Dixons reveal £ 3.8bn merger
MH370 search draws blank , debris may have sunk
Spain ' s opposition leaders call on Rajoy to resign
2 arrested as Dhaka building collapse toll reaches 332
Israel cabinet approves Palestinian prisoner release
UN urges Syria gas attack inspection
Astronauts make rare Christmas Eve spacewalk
Microsoft to lay off 18,000
Putin : Russia expects UN to denounce Kiev authorities ' anti-constitutional actions
Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
Cambodia ' s Angkor temples added to Google ' s Street View
Zuma : Mandela ' responding better to treatment'
Israel ' s former FM Lieberman acquitted in fraud trial
Dolce and Gabbana sentenced to jail for tax evasion
40 still missing in deadly Canada oil train crash
2 Die and Many Are Hurt as Plane Crashes in San Francisco
NATO Soldier Killed In Taliban Attack In Afghanistan
At a Glance : Microsoft CEO Ballmer ' s ups and downs
Deadly explosion at Texas fertiliser plant
17 Hurt at New Orleans Parade Shooting
Democrat De Blasio elected NYC mayor
Egypt ' s interior minister survives bomb attack
Iran , six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Shots fired at German ambassador ' s residence in Athens
Russian rocket explodes in Kazakhstan
'Never , ever give up ' : Diana Nyad completes historic Cuba-to-Florida swim
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Afghanistan enjoys peaceful presidential elections
Two Indians among 39 killed in Kenya mall attack
3 Coalition Soldiers Killed in Kabul Car Bombing
Palestinian President greets released prisoners
Ukraine ' s opposition chief wants more protests
Envoy : New June 25 meeting to prepare Syria peace conference
Powerful quake hits Chile
Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
Snowboarder buried when tunnel on Ore. mountain collapses ; search resuming at dawn
Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
Eleven killed in forest fire in Chile
Nobel Prize for chemistry goes to computer whiz trio
Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
Bale scores on debut ; Villarreal holds Madrid
UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
Russia sent tanks against Ukraine
Snubs , surprises in Grammy nominations
Middle East peace talks : Israel promises release of Palestinian political prisoners after John Kerry discussions
South Korea looks to plastic surgery for new taxes
Putin demands US prove Syria chemical arms use
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Channel 2 : Israel to free around 100 prisoners after talks resume
Ancient Tibetan Town in China Destroyed by Fire
Egypt declares month-long state of emergency
HM King Hamad Receives GCC Audit Courts Presidents
Austria : EU fails to reach deal on Syria arms embargo
Pro-Russians protesters storm Donetsk prosecutor ' s office in eastern Ukraine
Egypt ' s interior minister survives bomb attack
Scores killed in Baghdad car bombings
Shingles vaccine campaign to start
UN choppers strike at Ugandan rebels
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
U.S. tells North Korea new missile launch would be " huge mistake "
DJ Dave Lee Travis Denies 15 Sex Charges
Rosetta comet-chasing spacecraft wakes up
Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
15 : 08 ' Comedy great ' Mel Smith dies at 60
Twitter unveils IPO filing , aims to raise $ 1 billion
Chidambaram questions IMF ' s methodology for calculating India ' s growth projections
Co-op defends banking business after Moody ' s downgrade
Britain calls for de-escalation of tensions in Ukraine
US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
UN launches Philippines aid appeal
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $ 4.1 billion
Zuma heralds ' our icon ' on South Africa ' s day of prayer for Mandela
Rescuers look for pilot in deadly NY Angel Flight
Death sentence for 152 soldiers over mutiny
Rousseff set to address Brazil protests
Doctors deny Mandela in ' vegetative state'
Mexico ' s Sinaloa drug chief arrested
UK Parliament blocks British military action against Syria
Matt Smith leaving lead role in BBC ' s ' Doctor Who'
Senate may vote on gun reform Wednesday
Strong Explosion Hits Hizballah Stronghold In Beirut
Russian protest leader says trial is Putin ' s revenge
Palestinians welcome Arab Idol winner coming home in Gaza
Heavy gunfire reported at airport in DR Congo capital
North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
Last picture of couple feared dead after Malaysian Airlines flight ' disappears ' in South China Sea
At least 32 dead , 170 missing in ferry disaster
More than 20 dead as anti-China riots spread in Vietnam
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Microsoft To Cut 18,000 Jobs In Cost Plan
Nidal Hasan found guilty of killing 13 at Fort Hood base
FTC Accuses T-Mobile of Knowingly Billing Customers for Hundreds of Millions in Bogus Charges
Court clears Dana ' s brother of all counts of historic sex abuse
Fatalities reported in Fort Hood shooting
Syria Allows UN Visit To Chemical Attack Site
Insurgents battle Afghan forces near Kabul airport
Boeing 747 jumbo jet stuck after mistakenly landing at tiny Kansas airport
Rescuers search for survivors after 15 die in India building collapse
FEMA OKs aid for Texas plant blast
Thai protesters call general strike
Indian PM to step down
Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
Gunmen storm Nairobi mall , 15 killed
Typhoon Rammasun death toll hits 33 in China
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
Raging , fast-moving California wildfire threatens Yosemite National Park
Tokyo stocks open lower on gains lock
Kerry in Japan amid N Korea tensions
Nduom hopeful in outcome of National Economic Forum
South Africa prepares funeral for the ages for Mandela
Meltdown in Taiwan parliament over nuclear poll
Snowden Nominated for Nobel Prize
Obama Urged to Prod China on Human Rights
Vince Cable worried by Help to Buy home ownership bubble
Facebook Removes Beheading Video , Reopens Debate
Connecticut passes stringent gun controls in response to Sandy Hook massacre
UN Security Council holds emergency meeting over DR Congo fighting
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Taliban release video of US soldier ' s handover
Egypt ' s second try at new constitution ' an improvement'
Obama Visits Mandela ' s Robben Island Cell
Israeli Military Starts Ground Offensive in Gaza
Deaths in Pakistan church bombing rise to 43
Malaysia elections : Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Kerry in first trip to Egypt since ouster of Mursi
Prince George ' s Christening Under Way
Typhoon-struck Philippine city begins mass burial
Across US , people rally for ' Justice for Trayvon'
Over 100 Dead as Typhoon Slams Central Philippines
Bank of England names Cunliffe as deputy governor
US golfer Phil Mickelson wins The Open
Vietnam hands 5 heroin traffickers death penalty
Obama : Sexual assault threatens trust in military
Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
Syrian TV : Bombing in Damascus Kills 13 People
UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women , children in Homs
Algerian president suffers ' mini stroke'
South Africa remembers Nadine Gordimer
Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review
Hagel laments " political " changes to US defence budget
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
Two blasts hit Boston Marathon finish line , at least two killed
Cambodian opposition claims surprise win ahead of result
Former Malaysian PM Mahathir quits as adviser to state oil giant Petronas
Putin defiant as Crimea votes to return to Russia
Police : Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
French FM Fabius says Iran nuclear talks end without deal
Police detain Spain train crash driver as suspect
Malaysia Airlines lost plane : Nations rush to solve ' unprecedented mystery'
Kvitova blitzes Bouchard in a lopsided final
North Korea deports detained US war veteran
Nelson Mandela celebrates 95th birthday in hospital
Sachin Tendulkar to get Bharat Ratna , India ' s highest civilian honour
All gunmen in attack on Afghan presidential palace killed
Dana ' s brother John Brown cleared of two sexual abuse charges
Jury to get Zimmerman case
Unemployment Hits Record High in Europe
Egypt ' s Presidential Vote Goes to a 3rd Day
N. Korea may be preparing new nuclear test-report
U.S. regulator approves Boeing 787 battery system design changes
Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
Stocks buoyed by Summers ' withdrawal from Fed race
South Sudan ( Republic of ) : South Sudan rivals discuss ceasefire , detainees
Iran ' s Rouhani says nuclear rights are ' red lines'
Court orders Mubarak freed
Mandela makes final journey home in SAfrica
South Korea declares expanded ADIZ overlapping with other zones
Mandela ' s family thanks nation and world for support
Engineers start ambitious Costa Concordia salvage off Italian island
Zimmerman acquitted in slaying
Myanmar welcomes more China exchanges
Chemical arms watchdog wins Nobel Peace Prize
Pope Calls For Peace During West Bank Visit
Poroshenko says Ukraine will not give up Crimea
Dubai rings in the new year with largest fireworks show ever
Kerry Heads To Geneva For Iran Nuclear Talks
Syria action ' would not cause radicalisation'
Nawaz Sharif declares victory in Pak elections
Missing yacht found , but no crew
Peaches Geldof dies aged 25
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
Biden : No doubt Syria regime used nerve agent
7 killed in California drive-by shooting
Israel urges powers to be tough in nuclear talks with Iran
Syria Allows UN Visit To Chemical Attack Site
Bank of England says no to more QE
The race factor in George Zimmerman ' s trial
Aircraft crashes at base in Afghanistan
Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
Judge Strikes Down Utah ' s Same-Sex Marriage Ban
UK Parliament blocks British military action against Syria
Mattel 2Q profit falls , Barbie sales slide again
Ukraine v Russia : Diminishing Russian International Influence ?
Obama urges military action against Syria , but will seek Congress ' OK
Immigration reform passes key Senate test
Associated Press : Pro-Russia demonstrations break out in Ukraine
Syrian Conflict Death Toll Now over 93 000 , UN Says
World Concern over Ouster of Egypt ' s President
Troops sent to protect embassy
France to await U.S. congressional decision on Syria
U.S. , French presidents vow to punish Syrian government
Honda , Nissan and Toyota in Massive Recall over Airbag Inflators
Shashi Tharoor hospitalised after chest pain
Revelers around the world ring in 2014
Thai protesters obstruct vote ; 1 dead in violence
Death confirmed in Canada train blast
Hot-air balloon crashes in Va . ; 3 missing
France waits on US vote over Syria strikes
Kidnapped French journalists found on Turkey ' s Syrian border
The Caucus : Obama to Unveil Climate Plan on Tuesday
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
US dollar dips as Lawrence Summers quits Federal Reserve race
Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
Afghanistan begins run-off votes for Presidential election
Bloody Days in Sudan
Live Blog : George Zimmerman Not Guilty
US captures al-Qaeda leader in Libya ; raids Somalia
The US must show evidence of Syria ' s use of chemical weapons
Sri Lankan asylum seekers facing criminal investigation after being handed back by Australian authorities
Swedish court upholds detention order on WikiLeaks founder Assange
Police vow to solve shootings of 19 in New Orleans
Myanmar to free political prisoners
UK urges countries over Syria aid
Syria mocks Egypt Muslim Brotherhood model
Several Indian sailors dead after submarine explodes and sinks
Obama ' concerned ' about Los Angeles airport shooting
Egypt call for calm after deadly Christian-Muslim clashes
Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected
Fresh gunfire at Karachi airport
Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
Author Nadine Gordimer dies at 90
Actor James Gandolfini , 51 , dies of cardiac arrest
Fire at hospital for elderly kills 21 in South Korea
More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood leaders
Malaysia PM says still no sign of missing plane
Malaysia Airlines passenger plane feared crashed
Video : Video : Tornado destruction in Carney , Oklahoma
Pope to start delicate Middle East trip in Jordan
Gunmen Attack Shi ' ite Mosque In Kabul
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
Video : Turkey showdown : Riot police take on protesters
Turkish protesters refuse to leave Istanbul park despite Erdogan ' s pledge
Libya Army Chief Quits after Unrest
Vladimir Putin attends Victory Day parade in Moscow
Facebook starts to unveil ' new home on Android'
Titanic Violin Sells for Over $ 1.6M at Auction
Xi : China confident of sustainable economic growth
Riot police disperse protesters in Istanbul park
South Korea sunken ferry death toll ' reaches 50'
Taliban video shows handover of US soldier
Afghan election board to release final results
President Obama on third stop in trip to Asia
Yahoo ! confirms Tumblr deal for $ 1.1 billion
Mandela responding to treatment , South Africa ' s Zuma says
'I have terrible nightmares - I can smell blood ' : Recap as Oscar Pistorius begins murder trial testimony
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
George Osborne says deficit can be eradicated without further tax rises
Death toll rises to 179 in China quake
Sir Alex Ferguson autobiography overview : Wayne Rooney urged Manchester United to sign Mesut Ezil ' before asking to leave'
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Jewels worth 40m stolen in Cannes
Putin opens Paralympics as protest staged
US child prostitution crackdown leads to FBI making 150 arrests
South Korea vows fast response to North ; U.S. positions destroyer
Japanese FM visits Iran for talks
Gunmen storm hotel , kill foreigners
Meriam Ibrahim : Sudanese apostasy woman ' re-arrested ' with family at airport
Ukraine ' s opposition chief wants more protests
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
Google officially unveils Android TV
Flood alerts issued as rain sweeps across country
Thai prime minister dissolves parliament
Egypt : Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood ' s HQ
Dozens still missing after boat sinks in Indonesia
Bomb explodes near Israel patrol in Golan ; no casualties
Snowden ' given refugee document by Ecuador'
Flight from Malaysia to Beijing has lost contact
MISSING MH370 : Planes sent to check 2 objects
Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
Hollande arrives for US state visit
Boston bombing suspects not connected with Chechnya
President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
Blasts kill 5 at Modi rally in Patna
French foreign minister : Iran nuclear deal reached
U.N. Chief Ban Ki-moon Condemns Crackdown in Egypt
Bolivian leader ' s plane rerouted on Snowden fear
Woman dies and man seriously injured after shooting in Newport street
Egypt rival rallies planned amid soaring tensions
Petra Kvitova crushes Eugenie Bouchard to claim second Wimbledon
Feds : Man planned Kan. airport attack
Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay
NATO Says Russian Action Threatens Peace in Europe
Queen , leaders to bid farewell to Thatcher
Soldier hacked to death in London
Huge Turnout in Malaysian National Elections
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
Fed expected to maintain stimulus
The impact of sanctions on Russia
Brazil protests tap into frustration of have-nots
South Korean Soldier Kills Comrades And Flees
Red Cross staff detained for ' espionage ' in Ukraine
BJP may win more than 40 seats in UP Survey
Profile : Egyptian president-elect Abdel Fattah al-Sisi
Andy Murray wins historic Wimbledon title
Europe and China Agree to Settle Solar Panel Fight
Cannes thief stole jewels from hotel ' s Leviev exhibition
Egyptian court jails 102 Morsi supporters
Vladimir Putin Asks Parliament For Permit to Send Troops to Crimea
28 Wounded in Blasts at Bangkok Protest Site
Oscar Pistorius ' accidentally fired bullet in crowded restaurant - then asked friend to take blame'
Indian minister ' s wife died ' unnatural ' death , autopsy shows
Russia , Syria Work on ' Concrete ' Chemical Weapons Plan
NYC buildings explosion kills 4 others missing
Iran nuclear deadline extended to Nov 24
Indian Air Force inducts first three C-17s into service
Worker dies at World Cup stadium
Pakistan condemns Israeli aggression in Gaza
Ukrainian president compares situation in Kiev to Nazi Germany
How does world ' s cheapest car do in crash test ?
Dozens die in Egypt bloodbath
Massive search launched for 3 teens feared kidnapped in West bank
Ireland free from bailout shackles but not out of woods
srael naval strike kills children on Gaza beach
Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece
Kangaroo Court in Eastern India Allegedly Orders Gang Rape of Woman
North Korea may be preparing new nuclear test
World waits to meet new prince
17 Wounded in Shooting at New Orleans Parade
Russia seeks answers over deadly plane crash
Sichuan earthquake leaves devastation - in pictures
Watchdog gets details of Syrian chemical arsenal
Nigerian girls missing for a month
Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
US : Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
Google threatened with contempt of court over privacy breach
Forest Whitaker ' We All Share a Common Bond'
Syria warring sides not in same room for start of talks
Pakistan military says officer killed by Indian fire in Kashmir
BA jet makes emergency landing after engine fire
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria ' s civil war
Egypt Tense as Army Deadline Looms
Arizona jury finds Arias eligible for death penalty in ex-boyfriend ' s slaying
Mitch McConnell tied in new poll . Does he miss Ashley Judd yet ?
Royal baby on the way ; Catherine enters hospital in labor
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
Obama meets with Mandela family
Qantas closer to foreign ownership
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat
Anger spreads over Korean ferry sinking
India ' s ND Tiwari marries son ' s mum
Bangladesh collapse search over ; death toll 1,127
UK ' s Cameron : Syria , Russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine
Kremlin : Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine
North Korean leader sends ' special envoy ' to China
State Dept. issues wide travel alert , says terror attack possible
France drops terror charges against musician
Turkish PM Erdogan says " duty " to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
Nigerian schoolgirls : Boko Haram releases new video , offers trade of schoolgirls for militant prisoners
Oil Prices Mixed in Asian Trade
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
Top Asian News 7 : 48 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 11 : 00 p.m. GMT
China treasury bond futures close higher Tuesday
Indian stocks close lower
Spanish Nurse First to Contract Ebola Outside Africa
Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 24
Nigeria Confirms 2 New Ebola Cases
IS kidnap 90 Christians in Syria : monitor
Inspired Nishikori ready for London ATP final
Top Asian News at 10 : 00 a.m. GMT
21 killed in Tunisia museum gun attack
Oil prices mixed in Asian trade
Kerry cautious before new Iran talks , cites ' important gaps'
Gaza ' s summer training camps : ' No time left for playing'
Singapore shares open 0.19 % higher on Thursday
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared on Wednesday
Who was ' Jihadi John ? '
Target raises 2015 earnings forecast after profit jumps
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Monday
Shi ' ite militia kill dozens of Iraqi Sunnis in mosque shooting
Twitter Sues US Government Over Surveillance
China Hushen 300 index futures open mixed Friday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Friday
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared on Thursday
Top Asian News 11 : 42 a.m. GMT
Iran , IAEA officials meet ahead of March nuclear deadline : ISNA
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
Indian stocks close higher
10 Things to Know for Today
Foreign exchange rates in Thailand
Singapore shares open 0.19 % higher on Thursday
Pakistan : Pakistan : Daily Emergency and Response Situational Information Report , 22 September 2014
Bombings kill 19 people in Iraq
Your morning read for Sunday , July 12 , 2015 in Toronto
Top Asian News 7 : 48 a.m. GMT
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict ( June 24-30 , 2015 )
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared Friday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Thursday
Finance News Update , what you need to know
US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
U.S. , EU Boost Sanctions On Russia
10 Things to Know for Thursday
Oil prices down in Asian trade
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Friday
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Friday
Top Asian News 8 : 39 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 9 : 30 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 1 : 25 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News 4 : 39 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News 8 : 39 a.m. GMT
The Avengers star Patrick Macnee dies aged 93
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
Your morning read for Monday , March 30 , 2015 in Toronto
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
How the Dow Jones industrial average fared Tuesday
How the Dow Jones industrial average did Thursday
Dead comet with skull face to hurtle by Earth on Halloween
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
Oil prices rise further in Asia
Ukraine : Latest from OSCE Special Monitoring Mission ( SMM ) to Ukraine based on information received as of 18 : 00 ( Kyiv time ) , 28 September 2014
71 killed in Syria bombing
61 rebels killed in military operations
Egypt court confirms Morsi death sentence
AT & amp ; T helps U.S. spying on Internet : N.Y.Times
Top Asian News at 9 : 00 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 2 : 00 a.m. GMT
Oil falls in Asian trade
Pope meets Muslims in Central African Republic
China stocks close higher on Friday
Powerful earthquake hits Nepal
Facebook Activates Safety Feature After Yola Bombing
Avengers star Patrick Macnee has died at the age of 93
Canada ' s Pendrel , Batty win gold , silver in mountain bike
Isis brings its war to Lebanon - and it could be key to a masterplan
7.9-magnitude quake hits Nepal
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
Ceasefire in Gaza underway
Suspected US drone strike kills 6 in Pakistan
Top Asian News 4 : 39 p.m. GMT
Top Asian News at 4 : 30 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 7 : 48 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 8 : 39 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 3 : 12 a.m. GMT
Top Asian News 8 : 39 a.m. GMT
Singapore shares open 0.06 % lower on Tuesday
Singapore shares open 0.06 % lower on Tuesday
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
At least seven dead , scores missing after mudslide in Guatemala
Nigeria declares a state of emergency over Ebola crisis
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
How much do you know about Secret Service ?
Yemen : Security Council Press Statement on Yemen
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared Wednesday
71 killed in Syria bombing
5 things to know for your New Day -- Wednesday , July 15
Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed
Chinese shares open lower Friday
WHO : Ebola Death Toll Reaches 932
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
Female Suicide Bombers Attack in Nigeria
2nd US health care worker tests positive for Ebola
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
AbbVie cools on $ 55bn Shire deal after US tax changes
Austria Finds Up to 50 Bodies Thought to Be of Migrants in Truck
Sierra Leone President Declares State of Emergency over Ebola
Ukraine : OSCE Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine Deputy Chief Monitor to visit southeast Ukraine
US State Department releases Hillary Clinton emails
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.3459 against USD Friday
China treasury bond futures close mixed Friday
5 things you need to know this weekend
7.9-magnitude quake hits Nepal
US Approves $ 225 Million for Israel ' s Iron Dome
China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Fourth Korean dies in MERS outbreak
China treasury bond futures open slightly lower Wednesday
South Korea cuts key rate as MERS feared to slow recovery
5 dead as tornadoes blast central U.S .
Yemen rebel delegation arrives for Geneva peace talks
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.1402 against USD Monday
A tale of two Trumps
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen ' s capital kill 29
7.5-magnitude quake hits 35 km east of Lamjung , Nepal : USGS
Nigerian president orders probe into mosque attack
Islamic State militants bulldoze ancient Nimrud city
Iran nuclear talks shift into top gear
UN takes over peacekeeping in Central African Republic
US Launches First Airstrikes Against IS In Syria
German intelligence reportedly spied on Kerry , Clinton calls
At least 367 dead after quake hits southwest China
At least 150 dead after quake hits southwest China
Iceland lowers volcano alert to orange
No Clinton apology over her use of private email
S. Korea Reports 7th MERS Death , Vows to End Outbreak
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills FC soldier in Balochistan
22 dead as bus falls into gorge in J & K
Computer glitch grounds US flights
occupied Palestinian territory : Saudi Arabia promises $ 500 million for Gaza rebuilding
Ebola patient in Dallas takes turn for worse
5.7-magnitude quake hits 140 km WSW of Naze , Japan -- USGS
At least 39 killed in Iranian plane crash
Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Greece defaults on IMF payment
ISIS leader hit by airstrike
Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
Taliban bomb kills 29 in Afghanistan
Turkish Airlines plane makes emergency landing after engine fire
Turks help Iraqi Kurds fight Islamic State in Syria
U.S. launches airstrike against al-Qaida leader in Libya : Pentagon
Israel renews air strikes on Gaza after rocket fire
Yemen separatists suspend participation in UN-sponsored talks
Sierra Leone to Cordon off 3 Areas to Stop Ebola
Israeli police shoot , kill Palestinian woman in Hebron
Greece delays € 300m payment to IMF
Hong Kong stocks close higher by midday
Denmark to hold general election on June 18
Could Volkswagen scandal be diesel ' s death knell ?
Netanyahu : Iran Nuclear Plan Threatens World
Burundi police fire tear gas in protest against president
UK to launch air strikes against IS in Syria
Google ' s self-driving cars involved in 11 crashes
Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
Israeli forces detain 12 Palestinians overnight
Ebola survivor donates blood to Ebola patient
Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
Indian stocks close lower
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
Japan imposes sanctions on Russia over Ukraine
Ukraine Minister Denounces Russian Aid Convoy
Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
6.1-magnitude quake hits Bay Area
Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
Tianjin blasts death toll rises to 114 , 70 missing
Jim Carrey ' s girlfriend found dead
Russia takes bite out of McDonald ' s in ' new Cold War'
Oil prices down in Asian trade
Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians in overnight arrest raids
Why Hong Kong ' s protests are a big deal
Police clear protesters from Hong Kong HQ
Nepal quake toll crosses 5,000
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
5 Irish students killed in Berkeley balcony collapse , officials say
13 Killed in Mosque Bombings in Nigeria
Secretary Kerry ' s Travel to Russia and Turkey
Live TV Now Focus on Europe 05 : 00 UTC DW News
Gaza cease-fire takes hold as negotiators gather
8.1-magnitude earthquake hits Nepal
Nigeria confirms 1 more Ebola case
Five hurt in car attack on pedestrians in Jerusalem
Avengers star Patrick Macnee has died at the age of 93
China stocks close lower Thursday
Three killed in California shooting
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
Dennis Kimetto sets new marathon world record in Berlin
North Korean pair swim across sea border to defect to South Korea
US stocks slide in midday trade ; Airlines sink
US STOCKS-Wall St jumps 2 pct ; eyes on China
IED attack kills two people in Iraq ' s Baghdad
Chinese premier meets British chancellor
Thousands of Syrian Kurds flee into Turkey to escape Islamic State offensive
China : At least 10 dead in SW China rainstorms
Thousands of migrants and refugees arrive in Germany
Two killed , seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
Protests mar opening of World Indigenous Games
Syrian Arab Republic : United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator , Stephen O ' Brien statement to the press on Syria
Ebola death toll rises to at least 2,296
9 Killed in Fighting in Eastern Ukraine
Israeli settlers set ablaze Palestinian land in West Bank
Airstrikes , gunfight kill 21 militants in North Waziristan
Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean
Boston bombing jury has question hours into deliberations
Prosecutors : Germanwings co-pilot treated for suicidal tendencies
Floyd Mayweather will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas in May
Palestinians and Israel agree Gaza ceasefire
8.1-magnitude earthquake hits Nepal
UN Peacekeepers Deploy In Central African Republic
Typhoon Koppu Hits Philippines
Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight , clash with locals
Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP
EU to slap new sanctions on Russia
UN Security Council urges Yemen ' s Houthis to end ...
North Korea plans talks with South Korea next week
Marching for climate change
Investigators 90 % sure bomb downed Russian flight in Egypt
Airstrikes , gunfight kill 21 militants in North Waziristan
Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
6 killed in Afghan capital mosque attack
2 dead , 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident
US launches new round of air strikes around Iraq dam
Rev. ' s Early Reads : Sept . 3rd , 2015
Markets Live : China drags
Afghan talks on unity government collapse
Nepal earthquake death toll tops 5,500 ; 11,440 injured
Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
Nepal quake kills more than 1200
Greece ' s debt drama : What you need to know
Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed with the latest
Tropical Storm Dolly Heads for Mexico ' s Coast
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
Strong earthquake shakes eastern Japan
Hospital : Teen wounded in US school shooting dies
Saudi-Led Coalition Resumes Airstrikes on Yemeni Capital
Hong Kong democracy groups to take to streets as key vote looms
UK ' concern ' over Hong Kong protests
21 killed in Tunisia museum gun attack
Burkina Faso coup leader in custody
Typhoon Mujigae lands on South China
Boston bombing jury begins death penalty deliberations
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
Tropical storm pounds Taiwan , Philippines
Putin calls for broad international anti-terror front
New Zealand and Australia meet for perfect Rugby World Cup final
Two officers shot in Ferguson
4 Afghan soldiers killed in Kabul bomb attack
Malaysia to hold memorial service to remember MH17 victims
Somali man arrested after attempted rape
Thousands flee as typhoon hits north Philippines
Greeks heading to Brussels for crucial talks
Russian roulette in Syria
Police : Indiana man confesses to all 7 killings
Thousands in Hungary march against Internet tax
Indian police arrest six over ink attack
Three Turkish soldiers killed in PKK attack in southeast
German police arrest Al Jazeera ' s Ahmed Mansour
Pope secretly met Kentucky clerk over gay marriage licenses
Israel , Hamas agree to cease-fire
China treasury bond futures close higher Tuesday
EU expands sanction list against Russia , Ukraine
Prosecutor : Germanwings Co-Pilot Feared Going Blind
Obama to Wind Up Landmark Kenya Visit With National Address
Kentucky clerk Kim Davis could head back to court for altering marriage licenses
China blast death toll reaches 112
Soros ready to invest $ 1 billion in Ukraine
Iraq : Iraq Crisis Situation Report No. 22 ( 22 - 28 November 2014 )
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
Chinese shares open higher Monday
Prince William begins Japan tour
EU to Prepare Possible New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
6.0-magnitude quake hits Indonesia -- USGS
Myanmar ferry capsizes ; 33 dead
South Sudan : South Sudan Crisis Situation Report No. 58 ( as of 16 October 2014 )
Egypt pays back $ 2.5 billion to Qatar
19 killed in Tunis museum attack
7.3-magnitude quake hits devastated Nepal
Third student dies in Washington school shooting
The Riyadh Conference on Yemen
Indian stocks close higher
Live Blog : Iraq In Turmoil
6.7 magnitude earthquake strikes western Greece : USGS
The lessons of history for Jeremy Corbyn
UK ' concern ' over Hong Kong protests
Israel Police Clash With Palestinians in Jerusalem
Sierra Leone vice-president asks US for asylum
Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
German lawmakers to vote on Greece bailout deal
Egyptian court sentences 3 Al Jazeera journalists to 3 years in prison
Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
NASA releases more images of Pluto
Taliban bomb kills 29 in Afghanistan
Israeli Spy Jonathan Pollard Released By US
Pentagon confirms US general killed in Kabul attack
Djokovic and Sharapova win China Open
Japan Prime Minister comes to U.S. for nationwide tour
Teachers steal the show
Sweden recognizes Palestinian state
China tells others don ' t ' stir up trouble ' in South China Sea
Iraqi forces break militant siege of Shia town
Saudi-led air strikes in Yemen , raids kill more than 90
Five killed in Saudi Arabia shooting
Manchester United sign Falcao , Blind
At least 55 killed in suicide blast on Pakistani side of Wagah border
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
Senate Republicans Plan Vote on Iran Nuclear Deal
Islamic State militants kill 40 Iraqi troops
Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
Hillary Clinton stumps for Iowa Democrats , and herself
Japan says outraged by killing of Japanese man in Bangladesh
09 : 01 25 killed in Somalia hotel attack
China treasury bond futures close higher Wednesday
Hundreds of Ukranian troops retreat across border to Russia
South Sudan : South Sudan Crisis Situation Report No. 58 ( as of 16 October 2014 )
US , EU expand sanctions on Russia
Hillary Clinton refuses to apologize for using private email system
Israel demolishes homes of Palestinian suspects in teen killing
NJ nurse criticizes her quarantine
Typhoon heads for south China
Pakistan to screen passengers in plans to tackle Ebola
Police fire tear gas against Hong Kong protesters
People found in container ' of Indian origin'
Iran , Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
Magnitude 7.9 earthquake hits Nepal
Turkey ' exploits ' Syrian refugees
China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
occupied Palestinian territory : IOF Arrest Two Minors on Gaza Border and Abuse One of Them
Britain joins fight against Islamic State group
U.S. drone strike kills 4 in NW Pakistan
Death toll in Nepal earthquake rises over 7,000
New York doctor tests positive for Ebola
Chinese manufacturing suffers another setback with a slowdown in October
Typhoon Koppu smashes into northern Philippines
Burkina Faso coup leader in custody
Who will win the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize ?
11 held on multiple child sex charges in Manchester
38 IS militants killed in clashes , air strikes in Iraq
Djokovic wins Italian Open
Fierce fighting shakes Kobani
12 Dead , Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine
Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
Parents of French air-crash victim arrive in Taiwan
Asia shares swing higher as China nears seven year high
Islamic State Group Kills 50 Iraqis
Heavy weaponry withdrawal locked in stalemate in eastern Ukraine
Turkey ' s Erdogan Calls for No-Fly Zone in Syria
Chinese vice premier meets former U.S. state secretary
Four dead as rain drenches the East Coast
Nepal quake : Survivors tell of Everest avalanche horror
Australian fishermen lure rare monster shark
Palestinian Authority slams Hamas executions
Nepal quake toll passes 7000
Funeral of MH17 victim Liam Sweeney takes place in Newcastle
Queen Mary 2 searches for missing crewmember near Canada
Donald Trump sweeps into Iowa on his personal helicopter
Spain to play England friendly if it qualifies for Euro 2016
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
Waiting for the next president
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
Hong Kong shares finish lower
Israeli police shoot , kill Palestinian woman in Hebron
Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
Iran says world powers are divided and backtracking in nuclear talks
US economy contracts in first quarter
Your letters : Your letters Show mercy , Mr. President
occupied Palestinian territory : Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume
Contributing Op-Ed Writer : The Roberts Court ' s Reality Check
IED attack kills two people in Iraq ' s Baghdad
Kurds see Turkey impeding Islamic State fight
Tunisia museum attack : At least 17 killed , 3 at large
Strong typhoon lashes northeast Philippines , two dead
Greek Finance Minister says bailout deal will take country forward
China is immensely important partner in Africa ' s development
Era Ends as South Carolina Lowers Confederate Flag
US doctor infected with Ebola in stable condition
Togo opposition rejects presidential election results
Markets Live : Resources in retreat
US stocks open modestly higher in quiet trading
Angelina Jolie makes powerful plea for Syrian refugees
occupied Palestinian territory : EU warns Gaza violence could return in ' months'
German press agency hails Zarif as architect of Iran nuclear deal
Iran wants sanctions lifted before nuclear deal : official
Arrest warrant issued for Pistorius
Boko Haram militants storm town in NE Nigeria
occupied Palestinian territory : Palestinian killed in clash with Israel forces in Jenin : medics
American doctor stricken with Ebola is improving
India ' s top court orders investigation into job scam , deaths
Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
Federal autopsy ordered in Missouri teen ' s death
Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
US STOCKS-Wall St lower as investors await word from Yellen
Hawaii braces as hurricanes close in
Ebola patient in Texas dies says US hospital
Israeli army ordered to resume strikes against targets in Gaza after rocket attacks
Hong Kong protesters demand Leung Chun-ying resigns as city leader
North Korea defectors swim across sea border to South Korea
Egyptian court sentences 3 Al Jazeera journalists to 3 years in prison
Liberia : Runaway Ebola patients found
Terrorism attack feared ' within days'
Israel and Hamas to resume indirect talks on October 27
China ' s stock market meltdown
Pope Francis addresses Congress
European powers , Iran make little progress in nuclear talks
Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
Ebola cases rise sharply in western Sierra Leone
Israel and Palestinians reportedly agree to 72-hour ceasefire
Iran nuclear deal outline - is the marathon finally over ?
Hungarian state still hungry
Bomb attacks in Bangladesh leave 1 dead , over 100 injured
Hong Kong protesters mass for peace rally
Obama : Ebola Threat to ' Regional , Global Security'
Baltimore mayor lifts curfew 6 days after riots
Arab League to back Iraqi , US campaign against Islamic State
Iran summons Pakistani ambassador over border killings
Jason Day holds two-shot lead over Jordan Spieth at PGA Championship
Jeremy Clarkson ' s road to ruin on Top Gear
At least eight Afghan soldiers killed in ' friendly fire ' incident
European tax meeting in Malta
PM Nawaz sees polio-free Pakistan in six months
Ashya King ' s parents freed from jail in Spain
Hong Kong Police Arrest Dozens of Student Protesters
US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
Israel Detains 14 Palestinians in West Bank , Summons Man
Bribery scandal shakes up Brazil ' s presidential elections
Four civilians killed in Kabul suicide attack
U.S. Drone Kills Eight In Northwest Pakistan
Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
New Russian military might on full display in Syria
'Yes or no ' time in Iran nuclear talks
Hong Kong protests see weird , wonderful scenes
4.1-magnitude quake jolts SW China
Afghanistan inaugurates new president
Five killed , 40 injured in suicide attack in Lahore
Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
Nigerian president replaces military ' s top brass
6.7 magnitude earthquake strikes western Greece : USGS
Iran nuclear talks : comprehensive deal ' to be announced as early as Monday'
Australia berates Israel over ' shocking ' attacks
Kerry : Israel , Jordan working to ease holy site tensions
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz ' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
Greece IMF payment missed as bailout expires
Obama congratulates Turkish people over election
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
Hong Kong protests turn festive after tear gas chaos
An Islamic State militant carries out a suicide attack in Syria ' s Aleppo
Ten Turkish policemen killed in an attack east of Turkey
Ivory Coast presidential candidates recognises Ouattara victory
Chinese vice premier calls for stronger China-EU climate cooperation
Oil prices down in Asian trade
Menendez faces possible corruption charges
US scientists praise Iran nuclear deal
Islamic State seizes Iraqi army base , PM to send in Shi ' ite fighters
BP warns against Russia sanctions
Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash
German immigration official steps down
Donald Trump to unveil tax plan Monday
Ashley Madison cheaters exposed
Eurozone ministers approve 86-bln-euro Greek bailout deal
Islamic State fighters seize Syrian air base
Coalition airstrikes pound Islamic State stronghold in Syria
Pope Francis begins tour of Cuba and US
Cameron to hold talks with Sturgeon on UK future
India to free five gang rape suspects
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes
Six killed , 50 injured as train derails near Rae Bareli
Islamic State group seizes villages in Syria
Two police officers shot in Ferguson amid race protests
British Parliament to debate motion to recognize Palestine
Has Nasa discovered water on Mars ?
Cameron way behind curve on refugees
Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
Press awash with Nigeria \ ' s general elections
China ' s manufacturing improves in September
Silence to remember Tunisia victims
FIFA President Sepp Blatter Facing Suspensions
South Korea reports 14th Mers death , 12 new cases
Iraqi forces fail to recapture Tikrit from militants again
Chinese president declares Youth Olympic Games open
Thailand arrests second foreign suspect in Bangkok blast probe
Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
Marine death is 1st in campaign against Islamic State
Four US marines and gunman killed in ' act of terrorism ' in Tennessee
General Assembly Vote Lets Palestinians Fly Flag at U.N. Headquarters
Media freedom at stake as Turkey fights rebels
Church should not fear change , Pope says at synod close
Qatar rejects rights group report on ' rampant ' labor abuse
Asia shares swing higher as China nears seven year high
Camerwoman fired for tripping up fleeing migrants
Spanish bulls gore seven to death
China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
Oliseh appointed as Nigeria coach
Iran optimistic on nuclear deal , US much less so
Gaza aid appeal raises almost £ 1m
India thwarts coal heat at Paris meet
British radical preacher Choudary granted bail
Lebanon ' s former PM returns after 3-year absence
Investors burying their heads in the sand ?
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
Pope Francis in America
Baltimore police enforce third night of curfew
North Korea defectors swim across sea border to South Korea
Private sector urged to join fight against malaria
Chris Brown arrives in China
Over 1,800 migrants rescued from six boats adrift off Libya
Hong Kong protest leaders suspend planned vote
Marine death is 1st in campaign against Islamic State
Saudi-led coalition pounds Yemen rebel camps , lashes out at Iran
Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
Iran : Police plane crashes , leaving seven people dead
Nation 1 killed , 4 wounded in ZombiCon shooting
Tokyo stocks open higher following Wall St. gains
Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
Police abandon posts in Lesotho , fear for lives
France begins reconnaissance flights over Iraq
N Korea hit with new US sanctions
Lebanon Pulled into War with Islamic State Group
20 Palestinians injured in IOF attacks in Jenin
At least 12 killed as Shebab attack Somalia hotel
Hong Kong protests : China government official says Apec summit should not be affected
Thai army ruler named prime minister
Hiding Ebola patients now illegal
Power cut hits southern Pakistan
Poroshenko raises decentralisation referendum but rebels reject
Netanyahu Warns Of Militant Islamist Threat
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
Zim excited over President Xi visit
2 killed , 450 injured in Pakistan police clashes
Indexes flat ; on track for best month in four years
IS claims to hold Chinese and Norwegian hostages
ICRC confirms its participation in consultations on Ukraine
UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
UN Sec-Gen calls for Irans contribution to Lebanon security
At least 39 killed in Iranian plane crash
U.N. Security Council endorses Iran nuclear deal
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
NASA ' s Messenger probe crashes into Mercury making giant crater
Why Cyprus backs Cameron ' s push for UK air strikes in Syria
Japan typhoon death toll rises to six : Report
Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
Hungary reopens Budapest train station , triggering new standoff
Israel , Hamas to discuss prisoner exchange
Tunisia contributes to international effort to rebuild Gaza
Iran welcomes European rail tourists
President Xi visits Chinese Youth Olympic delegation in Nanjing
Two-state solution between Palestinians , Israel pie in sky
Russians protest against Putin
British investments in Egypt worth $ 26m
German coalition politicians break ranks on Greek WWII reparations
President : Iran to continue enrichment
Chelsea , Mourinho apologise to racism victim
Four reasons for optimism as climate ministers take over talks
Chicago mayor in run-off election
Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service
Burundi police fire tear gas in protest against president
Poland Votes Duda in Presidential Elections
Britain launches airstrikes on ISIS in Syria
Turkey ' s Ruling Party Loses Parliamentary Majority
MSF wants independent inquiry after fatal bombing
Israeli forces shoot , injure 82 Palestinians in Gaza , West Bank Nov. 27 , 2015
NDA toes UPA line on disclosing info on black money
Russia ready to return over 20 Ukrainian ships based in Crimea to Ukraine
Hungary authorises government to use army in migration crisis
U.S. stock futures slump after China market selloff resumes
Hillary Clinton : US Should Lead on Clean Energy
At least 27 killed in car bombings , militia attacks north of Baghdad
Ferguson teen Brown autopsy reveals six gunshots
Hungarian TV journalist fired for tripping up fleeing migrants
Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
Clinton Makes Pitch To Working Americans
Australia beat Scotland in thriller
Poland kicks off presidential election
U.S.-led airstrikes on ISIS in Syria : What you need to know
Aguero strike sinks 10-man Manchester United
Liberia to prosecute man who brought Ebola to US
Several killed in Sweden pub shooting
France ' s right-wing parties take the Senate
Pope Francis canonizes two Palestinian women
Police chief calls for deepening mainland-HK cooperation
Historic tower collapses in Kathmandu after quake
Iranian General Is Killed in Syria Advising Military
Bangladeshi mourners pay tribute to slain blogger
Hong Kong tensions rise as police use pepper spray on protesters arrest 45
Michael Brown ' s Family Suing Cop and Ferguson
Late goals give Man City victory at Villa
Iran reiterates support for Iraq , Syria
Iran ready to resume oil exports to Egypt
Hong Kong protests turn festive after tear gas chaos
Poland president loses to challenger
Palestinian official slams Israel ' s stone-throwing bill
Minister to raise Pakistan case at climate conference
China approves iPhone 6 after security assurances
Wave of unrest leaves Palestinian president with no good choices
University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
Three males held over series of stabbings in Temple Bar area
Australia bins standalone coding for kids in schools course
Lebanese politician urges Arab countries to welcome nuclear deal
PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
Myanmar discovers case suspected of Ebola
Donald Trump to unveil tax plan Monday
Brexit will lead to clamour for Scottish independence , says Sturgeon
Tears in Barcelona at funeral for Germanwings crash victim
UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
Germany says wants to keep close ties with Poland
Kentucky Senate rivals hold solitary debate
Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls
U.S. government scrambles to deal with massive hacking attack
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
Tanzania awaits tense presidential poll result
MERS : No cause for alarm in Phl
AG Holder Meeting With Michael Brown ' s Parents
Liberia ' s president orders civil servants to stay home amid Ebola crisis
Italy ' s cabinet wins key confidence vote in Senate over labor reform
Search for Indonesia ' s missing chopper underway
Britain ' s Tony Blair resigns as U.N. Middle East envoy
Envoy : North Korea will pursue ' defensive ' nuclear program
North Korea Delegation Meets With South Korean Officials
Cui : US patrol serious political , military provocation
WTO : India regrets action of developed nations
Free speech activist killed in Pakistan
Philippines : ERC to build 10 schools in Philippine Typhoon-ravaged areas
Japan restarts nuclear plant
Over 80 militants killed in Khyber Agency
US stocks open mostly lower as earnings disappoint
Volkswagen ' s " gesture of goodwill " to diesel owners
Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident
21 killed in Tunisia museum gun attack
Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
Liberia to become Christian state
Vice president of Congo elections commission resigns
Head-on collision kills 7 in east China
Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
Jibes fly before Australia-NZ rugby World Cup final
Obama Rallies Coalition Commanders against IS Jihadists
US military releases footage of air strikes on ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria
Obama Vows To Hit Islamic State
Beau Biden , son of vice president , dies of brain cancer
Dozens killed after air strikes in Yemen capital
Gov ' t : Sanctions on Russia don ' t hit Paks plans
Russian market : Great export potentialities for Tunisia
Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
Netanyahu forms new government just ahead of deadline
Australian father charged with abusing surrogate twins
Mainland to lift entry-permit requirement for Taiwan residents
Malls in Paris , London under tight security after Shabab threat
JP bullish ahead of triangular
First Ebola case diagnosed in US after man who flew in from Liberia falls ill
Girl bombs market in Nigeria
Texas man arrested , accused of helping friend travel overseas to join Islamic State
Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
President Xi : China to continue help to fight Ebola
Venezuela tightens visa rules on America
US stocks end rocky week with a surge ; Nike gains
Iceland lowers volcano alert to orange
China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
Musharraf ' s party to contest Pakistan ' s local elections
Suicide Attack , Bomb Blast in Pakistan Kill 10
China cut yuan rate more than 1 % against dollar
Adam Chandler : A hollow Ukrainian cease-fire
Ukraine minister says ' no threat ' from nuclear plant accident
Kerry calls for united front to tackle Islamic State
Obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general
4 killed in Okla. crash involving college softball team
Yemen to name new PM in deal with Shiite rebels
Hamilton Wins Russian GP as Rosberg Fails to Finish
Tunisian army chief resigns after soldiers killed
Turkey urges Russia not to escalate tension in Syria
U.S. rebukes Israel ' s victorious Netanyahu on Mideast policy
Nusra demands compensation , aid for release of soldiers
Police called to reports of helicopter in the sea
Seize the moment for breakthrough in Iran nuclear talks
Turkey votes in one of most crucial elections in years
Iran jails academic for crimes against regime
Iraqi Kurds say Islamic State used chlorine bomb
Ebola outbreak deaths exceed 4,000 - WHO
Scores dead after Boko Haram bomb attack in Nigeria
The Latest on Severe Weather : 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
2 killed , 5 injured in helicopter crash in Afghan Bamyan province
Tianjin China blast : rescuers working against time
New York police officer critically wounded in hatchet attack
Burundi : Small groups of protestors , police clash in Burundi capital : witnesses
Lonmin expects full-year underlying cash costs below guidance
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
In general , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process : 1 .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
A document is represented as a vector .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
For example , a schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a programme .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
A document can be represented as a vector .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
And thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
In some areas less information need to be stored .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
It was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
Inheritance is useful for situations where several classes share common features , such as needed functions or data variables .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
When one class inherits from another class , all the public variables and methods are available to the subclass .
There are four steps in Dynamic Programming : 1 .
A document can be represented as a vector .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Dynamic programming is a problem-solving method which solves recursive problems .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action , an algorithm .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
A document can be represented as a vector .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan , an algorithm .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Dynamic Programming is a method of solving problems that exhibit the properties of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
An example of this gain in efficiency is a path-finding problem .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
A document can be represented as a vector .
Due to poor similarity values long documents are poorly represented .
It was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
For example , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
For instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
For example , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The first is the bottom up approach .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
is derived from a theoretical probability value on a logarithmic scale like the Richter Scale .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Each object ( except java.lang.Object ) can be cast to an object of one of its superclasses .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector .
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
In a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .
Compute optimal solution values either top-down with caching or bottom-up in a table .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
Each item in the vector represents a different keyword .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
A document can be represented as a vector .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
It is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
For example ; a person may be observed to have certain symptoms .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
For example , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
A document can be represented as a vector .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Its first application was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
5 probability is commonly expressed as a " 50 % chance " of something happening .
A document has representation as a vector .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan of action that is being produced .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
They do not have to be written in a computer language .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Like divide and conquer , Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining solutions to sub-problems .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Joe records all of his results and about 0.5 % of the time he accidently records the wrong results .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
Dynamic Programming is a method of solving problems that exhibit the properties of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
In a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .
The method takes much less time than naive methods .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
A document is represented as a vector .
However , the patent is assigned to Stanford University and not to Google .
The PageRank depends on the PageRank rating and number of all pages that have links to it .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
The definition of term depends on the application .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers , who get bored and then switch to other pages .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Google has exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
The inheritance concept was invented in 1967 for Simula .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
Other possible uses for vector space models are indexing and also to rank the relevancy of differing documents .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
For example , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan , an algorithm .
It also provides a way to generalize du to the " is a " relationship between classes .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Each item in the vector represents a different keyword .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
At the same time , Bayesians describe probabilities in terms of beliefs and degrees of uncertainty .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action , an algorithm .
The " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
The methodology takes much less time rather than naive methods .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Pages that are linked to by many high ranking pages will themselves obtain a high rank .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
The typical example could be of a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Recursively use this three-step process to compute the optimal path in the subproblem .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Deep , links to a specific page , usually bypassing the homepage .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
One of Google ’ s attempts to counter this is their Google Toolbar browser plugin .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
The main problem is divided into sub problems which are solved and stored for future use .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
For example , a program could exist to model different forms of transport .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
For example , a schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a programme .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
Inheritance is a method of forming new classes using predefined classes .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
And thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
The steps required are as follows : 1 .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Dynamic Programming is a method of solving problems that exhibit the properties of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
First , compute the shortest path to the goal from all adjacent vertices .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
In general , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process : 1 .
Google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .
It is also called the subsequent probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Inbound , links from other pages to yours .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Recursively define the value of an optimal solution 3 .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
However , the patent is assigned to Stanford University and not to Google .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
A document has representation as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
This general three-step process can be used to solve a problem : 1 .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
A problem with overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems may be used to solve many different larger problems .
of the pages providing the links .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
Sub-problems are then selected and used to solve the overall problem .
What is the probability this student is a girl ?
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
However , animals cannot be treated as fungi .
Secondly to define the value of the optimal solution recursively .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
Thus , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Models based on and extending the vector space model include : • Generalized vector space model .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The method is more effiecent than naive methods .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
A document is represented as a vector .
A document has representation as a vector .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
The definition of a term depends on the application .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
And thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
In a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan , an algorithm .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
The second method is the use of links .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
A document can be represented as a vector .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
A document has representation as a vector .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
A document has representation as a vector .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
What is the probability this student is a girl ?
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
The " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
And thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .
There are four steps in Dynamic Programming : 1 .
The algorithm may be applied to any collection of entities with reciprocal quotations and references .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
Google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
A document is represented as a vector .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
In order to avoid this , we instead save the solutions to problems we have already solved .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action , an algorithm .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Also , looking up the solution when a sub-problem is encountered again helps reduce computation .
Dynamic Programming is a very powerful mathematical technique , often utilised in programming , for solving optimization problems .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
The correct answer can be computed using Bayes ' theorem .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
Later versions of PageRank ( see the below formulas ) would assume a probability distribution between 0 and 1 .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
The term weighting indentifies the success or failure of the vector space method .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
The method takes much less time than naive methods .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
For instance , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
The new classes are called derived classes and they inherit the behaviours and attributes of the base classes .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
A document is represented as a vector .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
The articles on Bayesian probability and frequentist probability discuss these debates in detail .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
One can consider fruit to be an abstraction of apple , orange , etc .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
There are a number of wighting sceems which can be incoperated inorder to increase the accuracy of the vextors .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Ignoring case , extract all unique words from the entire set of documents .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
Google ’ s payoff is that it gets to track the behaviour of actual users .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
Programming means finding a plan of action .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
For example , a program could exist to model different forms of transport .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
Dynamic programming is a problem-solving method which solves recursive problems .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
There is also Conditional Probability which is usually interested in the way variables relate to each other .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector .
A document is represented as a vector .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
The method is more effiecent than naive methods .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Google uses this algorithm to assist intentional surfers in finding the best websites to suit their needs .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Many different ways of calculating these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
The new classes are called derived classes and they inherit the behaviours and attributes of the base classes .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The term weighting indentifies the success or failure of the vector space method .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
A document can be represented as a vector .
By 1953 , he had refined this to the modern meaning .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
Google has exclusive license rights on the patent from Stanford University .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
A 0.5 probability is commonly expressed as a " 50 % chance " of something happening .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In order to do so , the following parsing and extraction steps are needed .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
Inbound , links from other pages to yours .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
The advantage being the less time consumption in comparison to other amateur methods .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
Furthermore , by combining solutions to subproblems , DP solves problems .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
One of the most popular schemes is tf-idf weighting .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
It was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
A document is represented as a vector .
Subclasses are said to ‘ extend ’ superclasses .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the University of Stanford and not to Google .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
If a page has no incoming links , there is no support for that page .
At first glance , a car and a train may not have much in common .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
For example , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
It is also called the subsequent probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
With little or no modification , it is intended to help reuse existing code .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Instead , a new object is made to inherit properties of objects which already exist .
For example , a schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a programme .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
In Java all attributes and methods are implicitly virtual .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Typically , terms are single words , keywords , or sometimes even longer phrases .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
It is mainly used to calculate the probability of one event ’ s outcome given that a previous event happened .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
So the same rule applies with keywords and indeed longer phrases .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
tf-idf weighting is one of the most well known schemes .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
A document can be represented as a vector .
For example private attributes and methods cannot be inherited .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
For each document , count the number of occurrences of each word .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
The actual Google PageRank algorithm is much more complex than this , but follows the same underlying principles .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
A document is represented as a vector .
It was intended to allow existing code to be used again with minimal or no alteration .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
A document has representation as a vector .
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Later versions of PageRank ( see the below formulas ) would assume a probability distribution between 0 and 1 .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers , who get bored and then switch to other pages .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
For example : a patient might be observed to show certain symptoms .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
The definition of term depends on the application .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Programming , in this sense , means finding an acceptable plan of action .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
A document can be represented as a vector .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
The concept of inheritance was basically formulated for Simula in 1967 .
In Java all attributes and methods are implicitly virtual .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
A document is represented as a vector .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
The vector space model has some limitations : 1 .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
It is intended to help reuse existing code with little or no modification .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
There are two main approaches for dynamic programming .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Typically terms are keywords , single words or longer phrases .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Then you could have an extended hierarchy , where a Mass Transport class extends the Transport class .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Typically , terms are single words , keywords , or sometimes even longer phrases .
Nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the University of Stanford and not to Google .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
It is also called the posterior probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
Adding on this last section for every other page linked to from the original page .
of a particular page is roughly based upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the PageRank ?
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Every dimension relates to a different term .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
Its first use was in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
Break the problem into smaller subproblems .
A well known term used for this replacing act is called overriding .
The first is the bottom up approach .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
A document has representation as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
The definition of term depends on the application .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
The " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Normally a term is a single word , keyword , or a longer phrase .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
For example : a patient might be observed to show certain symptoms .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
The idea of inheritance in OOP refers to the formation of new classes with the already existing classes .
Solve these problems optimally using this three-step process recursively .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The algebraic model for representing text documents and objects as vectors of identifiers is called the vector space model .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The key to Dynamic Programming is to find the structure of optimal solutions .
A link to a page is seen as a vote of support .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
Other ways of computing these values , or weights , have been developed .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
A normal term is usually a single word , keywords or longer phrases .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
The other method is the top down approach which is a method that combines memorization and recursion .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
It is used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
In order to do so , the following parsing and extraction steps are needed .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
The method is more effiecent than naive methods .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
So the same rule applies with keywords and indeed longer phrases .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
inheritance in object oriented programming is where a new class is formed using classes which have allready been defined .
Bayes ’ theorem is also often known as Bayes ’ law .
Several different ways of computing these values , also known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
A document has representation as a vector .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance is a method of forming new classes using predefined classes .
Ignoring case , extract all unique words from the entire set of documents .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Construct an optimal solution from computed values .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
Nevertheless , the patent is assigned to the University of Stanford and not to Google .
If there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
For example : a patient might be observed to show certain symptoms .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
The inheritance concept was invented in 1967 for Simula .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Due to poor similarity values long documents are poorly represented .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
It is used in information retrieval and was first used in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
The basic support provided by inheritance is that it represents by categorization in computer languages .
Bayes ’ theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
For each document , count the number of occurrences of each word .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining the solutions of subproblems .
In a word , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
It is usually be used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
A document is represented as a vector .
There are two main approaches for dynamic programming .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
Use these optimal solutions to construct an optimal solution for the original problem .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
A document has representation as a vector .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The PageRank is a recursive algorithm used by Google to determine which webpages are more important than others .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
A problem with overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems may be used to solve many different larger problems .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
An example of this gain in efficiency is a path-finding problem .
A document has representation as a vector .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
Generate the optimal solution of these computed values
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
It is therefore used to create relationships between one object and another .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
The vector space model has the following limitations : 1 .
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers , who get bored and then switch to other pages .
One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting .
A document can be represented as a vector .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In defining this inheritance hierarchy we have already defined certain restrictions , not all of which are desirable .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
The " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Dynamic programming is a problem-solving method which solves recursive problems .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
An example of this gain in efficiency is a path-finding problem .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
A document has representation as a vector .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
One of the most famous schemes is tf-idf weighting .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
It is essentially a popularity meter .
Several different ways have been developed of calculating these values ( also known as term weights ) .
If the term doesn ’ t occur within the document , the value in the vector is zero .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
A document has representation as a vector .
A website ’ s page rank , is how ‘ important ’ it is on the web .
P ( B ) ( a.k.a. the normalizing constant ) is the prior or marginal probability of B .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Virtual attributes and methods can be shadowed / overridden .
Dangling , links to a page which has no links to others .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Following this , each web page is given a ranking of 0-10 according to its relevance to a search .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
A document can be represented as a vector .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
P ( A ) , or the probability that the student is a girl regardless of any other information .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
And thus the method takes much less time than more naive methods .
Many different methods of calculating these values , sometimes known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Inheritance was firstly derived in 1967 .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
Depending on the application , the definition of term varies .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Therefore , the " program " is the optimal plan for action that is produced .
Here we ' re going to simply use a probability distribution hence the initial value of 0.25 .
Recursively use this three-step process to compute the optimal path in the subproblem .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Here by meaning that a program can be an optimal plan for the produced action .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
If a term occurs in the document , its value in the vector is non-zero .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
These subproblems are not , however , independent .
In object oriented programming inheritance is also dependant on access level modifiers .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
The basic idea is to represent each document as a vector of certain weighted word frequencies .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
A page that is linked to by many pages with high PageRank receives a high rank itself .
For example , a patient may be observed to have certain symptoms .
A document has representation as a vector .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
Programming means finding a plan of action .
A Vector space model is an algebraic model for representing text documents as vectors of identifiers .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
Then , using this , the best overall path can be found , thereby demonstrating the dynamic programming principle .
A document is represented as a vector .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
One of its uses is calculating posterior probabilities given observations .
Dynamic Programming is a method of solving problems that exhibit the properties of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Inheritance is a basic concept in object oriented programming .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
5 probability is commonly expressed as a " 50 % chance " of something happening .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
Finally , the order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
It is used in information filtering , information retrieval , indexing and relevancy rankings .
A document can be represented as a vector .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
It is also called the posterior probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
Each object ( except java.lang.Object ) can be cast to an object of one of its superclasses .
If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
Inheritance provides the support for representation by categorization in computer languages .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
What is the probability this student is a girl ?
Each and every dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Inheritance can be divided into two main processes : single inheritance and multiple inheritance .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
The second method is the use of links .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
For each document , count the number of occurrences of each word .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
A document can be represented as a vector .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
If a term appears in the document , the terms value in the vector is non-zero .
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers , who get bored and then switch to other pages .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
This is a much quicker method than other more naive methods .
Bayes theorem can be used to compute the probability that a proposed diagnosis is correct .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
Single words , keywords and occasionally longer phrases are used for terms .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
Google uses this algorithm to assist intentional surfers in finding the best websites to suit their needs .
The number of unique words in the vocabulary denotes the dimensionality , if words are used for the terms .
Dynamic Programming is a very powerful mathematical technique , often utilised in programming , for solving optimization problems .
The concept of inheritance was basically formulated for Simula in 1967 .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
If a page has no incoming links , there is no support for that page .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting ( see the example below ) .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
It is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
Overlapping subproblems means that the same subproblems are used to solve many different larger problems .
Dynamic Programming is an algorithm design technique used for optimisation problems , such as minimising or maximising .
It has no relationship to computer programming ; instead it is a process of finding a satisfactory algorithm .
In probability theory , the prior and conditional probabilities of two random events are related by Bayes ' theorem .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
Dynamic Programming is a very powerful mathematical technique , often utilised in programming , for solving optimization problems .
Since the PageRank is the most important algorithms which is used in the Google engine .
Dynamic programming is a problem-solving method which solves recursive problems .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting , proposed by Salton , Wong and Yang .
Occasionally it is advantageous to differentiate between these uses , as it is not necessarily noticeable from context .
Later versions of PageRank ( see the below formulas ) would assume a probability distribution between 0 and 1 .
It also provides a way to generalize du to the " is a " relationship between classes .
The further down an inheritance tree you get , the more specific the classes become .
Inheritance in object oriented programming is a way to form new classes using classes that have already been defined .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
When a document is represented as a vector , each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
of the pages providing the links .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
A page that is linked to by many pages with high PageRank receives a high rank itself .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
In order to avoid this , we instead save the solutions to problems we have already solved .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
Dynamic Programming is a very powerful mathematical technique , often utilised in programming , for solving optimization problems .
Inheritance is useful for situations where several classes share common features , such as needed functions or data variables .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
Object oriented programming is a style of programming that supports encapsulation , inheritance , and polymorphism .
The last point would be to construct an optimal solution from the computed values .
For example , a finalized schedule of events at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
It doesn ' t take into account any information about B , so it is " prior " .
For instance , a events schedule at an exhibition is sometimes called a program .
A variation of the PageRank method bases the importance of a webpage on how many visits the page gets .
The idea of inheritance is to reuse the existing code with little or no modification at all .
A document has representation as a vector .
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
The way that a ' term ' is defined depends on the application .
Animals can be treated ( cast ) to living things .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
A term which occurs in the document has a value in the vector of non-zero .
The theorem is often used when we have observations and wish to compute posterior probabilities .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
If this occurs then all of the non-private methods and variables can be used by the most specialised class .
The word Programming in the name has nothing to do with writing computer programs .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
It is often used to compute posterior probabilities given observations .
A document is represented as a vector , and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
In this classic model the term specific weights in the document vectors are products of local and global parameters .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
If a term exists in a document , its value in the vector is not equal to zero .
P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
Every dimension is precisely related to a separate term .
Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
Typically terms are single words , keywords , or longer phrases .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
It is often used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
False negative matches could be returned when documents share a context but have different term vocabulary .
Bayes ' theorem is useful in evaluating the result of drug tests .
Bayes Theorem is a mathematical formula used to calculate conditional probabilities .
P ( A ) is the probability of the student being a girl ( which is 2 / 5 ) .
It is similar to divide and conquer , however is differentiated as its subproblems are not independent .
As a formal theorem Bayes theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
It can be considered that fruit is an abstraction of apple , orange , etc .
It is also called the subsequent probability because it is derived from or depends upon the specified value of B .
The easiest way to look at inheritance is as an “ … is a kind of ” relationship .
* P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
Since it is a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem holds in all popular interpretations of probability .
Bayes ' Theorem is a simple mathematical formula used for calculating conditional probabilities .
In probability theory , Bayes ' theorem relates the conditional and marginal probabilities of two random events .
The most popular is tf-idf weighting .
The differing application has a direct influence on what the definition of the term means .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
P ( A ) is the prior probability A .
A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
The limitations of the vector space model are thus .
As a formal theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all common interpretations of probability .
In general , we can solve a problem with optimal substructure using a three-step process : 1 .
For example private attributes and methods cannot be inherited .
Each dimensions corresponds to a separate terms .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts to normalise the probability .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
• P ( A | B ) is the conditional probability of A , given B .
* P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
A document has representation as a vector .
In order to prevent spamming , Google releases little information on the way in which a PageRank is calculated .
The vector space model are the documents which are represented as “ bags of words ” .
After this , it is using this to pick the best overall path .
This can be known as one of the advantages of inheritance .
Several different ways of computing these values , additionally known as ( term ) weights , have been developed .
Characterise structure of an optimal solution .
The definition of term is dependent on the application .
It is " previous " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
of a particular page is roughly based upon the quantity of inbound links as well as the PageRank ?
Dynamic Programming is a method of solving problems that exhibit the properties of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf ( term frequency-inverse document frequency ) weighting .
However , the key in Dynamic Programming is to determine the structure of optimal solutions .
Dynamic Programming reduces computation time by solving subproblems in a ‘ bottom-up ’ way .
A possible use for a vector space model is for retrieval and filtering of information .
A dampening factor is used to counter random surfers , who get bored and then switch to other pages .
Term frequency : This formula counts how many times the term occurs in a document .
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document .
The order in which the terms appear in the document is lost in the vector space representation .
In the vector space model a document is represented as a vector .
The vector space model has several disadvantages .
The value of a vector is non-zero if a term occurs in the document .
One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising .
It also provides a way to generalize du to the " is a " relationship between classes .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Inheritance is one of the basic concepts of Object Oriented Programming .
Construct an optimal solution , using the computed optimal subproblems , for the original problem .
Inheritance is a method of forming new classes using predefined classes .
The peropos of inheritance in object oriented programming is to minimize the reuse of existing code without modification .
If a term occurs in the document , its value is non-zero .
Each document is a vector where each word is a dimension .
It is " prior " in the sense that it does not take into account any information about B .
However , the vector space model has limitations .
In general , dynamic programming is used on optimisation problems , where the most efficient solution is needed .
A hyperlink to a page counts as a vote of support .
A document is represented as a vector , with each dimension corresponding to a separate term .
The order in which terms appear in the document is lost in a vector space representation .
P ( B ) is the prior or marginal probability of B , and acts as a normalizing constant .
The method can be abused when people deliberately link to sites in order to raise a site ' s PageRank .
For example private attributes and methods cannot be inherited .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Terms are basically the words or any indexing unit used to identify the contents of a text .
In computer science ; dynamic programming is a way of solving problems consist of overlapping subproblems and optimal substructure .
Like divide and conquer , Dynamic Programming solves problems by combining solutions to sub-problems .
However an object cannot be cast to a class which is no relative of it .
Define value of optimal solution recursively .
It was used in the first time in the SMART Information Retrieval System .
For example , a program could exist to model different forms of transport .
Most of these languages provide an “ extend ” keyword , which is used to subclass another .
• P ( B | A ) is the conditional probability of B given A .
It is usually used to calculate posterior probabilities given observations .
Inheritance is an important feature in object orientated programming .
If there are no links to a web page there is no support for that page .
In vector space model , the documents from which the information is to be retrieved are represented as vectors .
Mathematicians use the word to describe a set of rules which anyone can follow to solve a problem .
Generalise the structure of an optimal solution 2 .
Each dimension corresponds to a separate term .
Bayes ' Theorem is a theorem of probability theory originally stated by the Reverend Thomas Bayes .
It does not take into account any information about B and therefore is considered “ prior ” .
It is used in information filtering , indexing , relevancy rankings and information retrieval .
LIMITATION : There is some limitation of vector space model .
That FEBRUARY PAMPLEMOUSSE- According to the experts , even the orange juice and apple contains substances that inhibit the medicines .
The fact that the OSCE , during the evaluation of the campaign , has highlighted the positive changes rather than on shortcomings , such as the ban to run for a third of the candidates for the opposition , referred to a prior appeasement .
In the Czech Republic , no chance , say the mobile operators
I already knew thanks to my mangas .
Before leaving for the US , Nicolas Sarkozy will take a detour going by Bretagne .
And even if we could prove that for Man : How could anyone the show in rats ?
But there are also many politicians who resist pressure from the ndrangheta , heroes who are honest "
Analysts of the bank reduced their expectations for next year , given the fall in consumption of oil due to the slowdown in economic growth , and were therefore obliged to reduce forecasts of oil and gas prices for 2009 by 20pour cent .
The Impact will mee the Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
Such thoughts geo-strategic does , however , that one of the sides .
" It would be a mistake to the underestimate .
In 2010 , it will pay the interests of the whole year , which could also double .
Jeremiah Moss , who led a blog called Jeremiah ' Vanishing if New York ( subtitled " The Book of disputes : A look bitterly nostalgic on A City in the issue of extinction " ) described in the history of the City and extra Place , published in 1952 in The New Yorker .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition .
He believes that this will lead to a reduction in the rate of accidents and the number of deaths on the roads of the Czech Republic .
Bastian Reinhard would also be more relaxed " wanted " .
" We communicate extremely well , despite what people say . "
The benefits and net profits coming from financial transactions were , compared to the same period last year , zero , while the profits from the allocation of debt securities and and the termination of provisions in the operations of credit had fallen by more than 70 percent to 5 million .
Mango has just presented the second edition of the Botón-Mango Fashion Awards , in order to strengthen international image of the new talents of the fashion industry .
Therefore find games which are calming and avoid programs or television series that contain violence .
" We believe that , in general , it is not enough to block the phenomenon of accidents and the contrast can be made through numerous actions . "
The fact that Google is a genetic data can give a good raw material for the next generation of science-fiction . The novel Cory Doctorow of the famous , writing with half-tone orwelliens , described the future in which a man could be approached so outrageous only through data from Google .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
Eric Smith made another happening and was intercepted .
But he said he do not feel well , and refused to go to London .
It is not only 1,000 but 1001 ways to forget the chaos and the frenzy of daily life .
In addition , the mayor of Rome is keen to stress that " the Commission is not an unnecessary bureaucratic body : it is absolutely free , and will not cost a euro to the Roman city dwellers , and will serve to study and get the best minds that express the Capital .
And perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of Europe .
But 1001 , or a more or less .
Below and to the left is written ' Been Festival ' , in Gothic , and alongside it is the internet address of Marco ' s travel agency : " conoscersiviaggiando.it ' " .
Passengers who do not take the bus suburban and does not recall the date when expires the validity of their coupon , can join to new machines , originally used to record the voucher on the map .
We asked 1 500 people : What were the mistakes made by Bush during his mandate ? 89 % replied : Iraq .
The price in sectors of supply of electricity , gas , water and steam have increased by 18,7 percent since last year .
Congress gave way : The government of the United States can inject $ 700 billion into banks
For nearly 18 years , the space shuttle " Ulysses " has been flying in space .
Great admirer of literature of Galdós , José Luis Garci ensures to have done with this film " a dream of child ' through Esperanza Aguirre , who was in charge , three years ago to turn a commemorative film for the two hundred years of 2 May Madrid , something he has always accepted when the narrative stuck to the historical facts .
When times are tough and without reason to live , human beings are left with nothing but admiration , and there is no need to be Luis Cernuda to love Paul Newman .
The Committee said that , in the past , the participation of MSkyB had prevented competition and had allowed to influence unfairly ITV .
The foundation Esély Budapestért Alapítvány , at the request of the grouping of Fiatal Baloldal - Ifjú Szocialisták , made a bill on the order of the foundation Együtt a Harmadik Évezredért , for a total of four million HUF .
They named it as the anomaly of the gravitational effect .
I find that the woman is more mature , has more experience and relishes life with fewer problems .
With the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers two weeks ago , the allocation of appropriations between banks has again been delayed significantly , the banks having accumulated their liquidity .
I believe that in the photograph the portrait is the kind of the most difficult .
And she adds : " It is almost impossible for a virtual operator to appear on the T-Mobile network by the end of the year .
And taking into account Smartphones and communicators , you have in your pocket a veritable small computer .
Demand will acquire ground for many market segments of travel by air .
The back of the vehicle was full of ballots of hashish . Then they transfered it to a police station for a thorough inspection and to weigh the drugs .
Llamazares has asked the Andalusian federation of the United Left to assume its responsibilities in the case Silva
It is true , I look forward to their release .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
In Florence , a bed costs on average , 350 / 400 euros , a chamber around EUR 700 .
The Committee met on the request of the Minister for Sport Miroslaw Drzewiecki .
And cast aspersions on this woman who has been a constant struggle for justice and deserves our admiration says as much about the vicinity of the Prime Minister Stephen Harper on himself .
That is how in the world , the virtual operators are emerging as operators at low cost - they propose calls and text messages cheap , which is often balanced by a limited supply of services .
An emotional campaign will attack drivers
No current device is as universal as the mobile phone .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Whilst Favre and Coles were playing catch , the defense beat the Cardinal ' s quarter back , Kurt Warner .
" If we fail to do so , the mini self robot could not respond quickly enough to avoid the obstacle , " explains Toshiyuki Andoh , the director of the laboratory and mobility of the project car robotisée .
The private bank Sal Oppenheim , has signed up for 23 million new shares .
State money and municipalities , approximately 65 million HUF in total , was a part in the coffers of the movement Fiatal Baloldal and on the other hand , in the pockets of some people .
But it seems quite clear that if there will be a virtual operator in the Czech Republic , it will not be Mobilking .
Two aspects of the structure of the brain make the transposition of our lived subjective to that of animals difficult .
But there is anyone who tries , and Paul Newman is an example .
Trerise wrote in a letter to confession : " I feel responsible for his death " .
The girl next to me gave me big ironic smile , she found it an honour that the new girl should sit next to her .
All this without a blue screen .
Behind them , almost a lines of five litres of beer brand of the Kaiser , is a barbu well built which shows to approximately 200 guests of the party of beer what sounds profound his gosier can produce .
Most of my developments refer to the contents of conscious , but there is also another aspect of awareness that should be more easily accessible scientifically .
Accidents in the Napolitano workplace : " Crucial prevention "
Gebrselassie rested , beats his world record .
I must another match to feel comfortable . "
The US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
For the Sunia , exceptional measures through the revision of taxation , are necessary to calm down prices .
Are ever to the child that you can ask for the night to know his secret .
At auctions , buyers tend to spend more , and to overestimate the commodity .
The Scientific EU pointed out that users of mobile music devices , who are listening to music at full volume ( more than 89 decibels ) for five hours per week , are currently in force on the level of noise maximum made in the workplace .
Italy " as a nation of immigrants has recently become a destination for immigrants " met with resistance .
There was not much in the changing room , half-time was over , and most were stale in their place .
" It is up to us , it is our future , " he added , having made a dramatic break to the immense card behind him .
According to the study published in the journal Science , humans do not want to be beaten at this type of competition , such as an auction on eBay , and that is why they are even willing to pay too high a price .
English Paula Radcliffe holds the world record of 2 : 15 : 25 .
And taking into account the Smartphones and communicators , you have in your pocket a small computer .
It has not failed to describe the economic ideas of McCain of outdated .
After all , such a relationship could be the decisive impetus to other concentrations in the Länder banks .
At the foot of the stairs , Ambassador Spanish and other authorities were present .
That is something that savers and householders will appreciate in these uncertain times . "
The index was already falling during the vote , but when it became apparent that the proposal was not adopted , it was in free fall .
We could examine the process of conscience of animals without taking account of their content , and that is exactly what happened at of studies on the short-term memory of primates , particularly with the example of view .
Kostitsyn , the first star of the meeting , marked a goal , Plekanec has amassed two aid , and Kovalev has reaped a happening in this gain , the fourth of the Tricolore in six preparatory matches .
And even the youngest as Alondra and Alexia Kenon of 11ans , twins of Winter Park , seem to have learned properly the description Eatonville .
In India , the main Sensex index has lost 506,43 points , or 3.9 percent , and closed to 12.595,75 points .
Ludwik Sobolewski , the chairman of the stock market values of Warsaw , confirmed this proposal that the Polish have made despite that , before , the Czechs have ruled out the stock exchange of Warsaw the circle of potential new owners of the stock market in Prague .
Another significant feature may lie in the linguistic nature of Man : A large part of his existence is related to language , which means that his consciousness often depends on it .
" Because it fascinates me , "
Values slightly lower ( 550 euro for a simple ) for areas close to the other universities ( Ostiense and Cinecittà ) .
With regard to journalists , this figure is 30 % .
And this isn ' t noisy for the Italians , explains Marco Guarda .
The interview , Du blood become course
Nights of insomnia for shareholders of Hypo Real Estate
The first time this happens may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
The danger of the collapse of the US financial system is increasing every day , and subsequently , the world will pay a high price .
More than four hundred people profitèrent of service during the morning .
He must also inform the police , 7 days before his scheduled date of departure .
It ' s true .
Contrary to what is being done in several countries where works Barrick Gold , the debates in Canada are normally by the exchange of ideas and not with clubs .
Bilingual Debate : Immersion into the English Language
The fares of plane tickets and hotels is falling
Also , as it emerged during the investigation , they also ajoutèrent VAT on these documents , while the benefits on the activities of travel , which is outside the European Union , are paid for without VAT .
Mr Bush was happy with the progress in the negotiations
. Glitter returned to the UK last month , having served 27 months in a Vietnamese prison for abused two girls , respectively , of 10 and 11 years .
The law is ignoring them ; walk in a long-distance is prohibited .
We must be constantly vigilant " , continuing the Dre Décary before stress that security of supply , Héma-Quebec must also provide an adequate supply .
I always responded :
But there are some who try , and Paul Newman is an example .
Dancer , actress and dessinatrice , you are a woman very versatile : Is it not ?
The image provided by the director , Giuseppe Tornatore illustrates what is happening in major Italian cities , but also in the cities of the province ,
This is not wrong but if they do you move that would be better if they give you any ( including the electronic chip shop ) .
That said , the operation of a kind of virtual pseudo operators , several mobile networks in the Czech Republic , remains unnoticed .
The office is synonymous with tension and the computer of pain in the back .
Sarkozy at the meeting of angry fishermen
" Everything depends on the fact that the coach has in its approval permission to propose places standing .
Obama and McCain are , as more capable than the other , to lead the country out of the economic crisis .
Linebacker , David Bowens left escape the ball because of Warner .
The psychologist Miguel Farias , who himself took part in the experiment , believes that we can achieve the same effects with any other strong image ; for atheists one would have to find the appropriate photo .
The profits of these sales were nonetheless paid to his Foundation for childhood in difficulty .
These improvements have been significantly reduce the risk of contracting HIV by a blood transfusion .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini confirmed the release after the news bulletin on the Italian television channel Sky TG 24 : " Our citizens and the other hostages were released .
The Marcel ' s differs from the other by his cotton excellent , by his thumb unisexe , with its distinctive logo and by the Belgian flag ( barely recognisable ) that the shirts of bodies have the most well-known in the neck .
The sum , however , must not be paid at once , but gradually .
Reaffirming that it would manage to cut taxes for 95 % of Americans despite the unpredictability of Wall Street , Senator from Illinois has also pointed out that the achievement of a possible energy independence of the country by the promotion of renewable energy was his first priority , with the establishment of a system of health insurance .
They have not been according to the opposition .
And he adds that it is essential to make the public administration more efficient .
The cinema , you expect the individual films that you have turned last year .
According to the results , believers Catholics have been able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
In the background , is the dependant society Depfa which bears the losses .
They came to Verona all the way from Bologna .
In the wake of this tragedy and resentment of the public , the government of Canada has established in February 1994 a public inquiry , chaired by the judge Horace Krever , to shed light on the circumstances that led to such a tragedy and to make recommendations so that such a disaster never occurs again .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ( DJIA ) plunged from 777,68 points to 1O.365,45 points .
Can be to walk on the walls as Spiderman ? Maybe so , but researchers think of a use much less compelling as the connection between the electronic devices , given that the nano tubes of carbon drivers are heat and electricity .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day in history .
Sylvana and the secrets of the Pandora to Bento
Recall , for the record , that UNICEF , International Amnesty and the Canadian Association of the Bar ask for the return of Omar Khadr so that he can benefit from a fair trial in Canada .
While the judge Krever tardait to submit his report , some provinces have set up a committee with the objective of planning a new system of management of blood in Canada .
All lies with it , " he says .
AIG is willing to study the sale of most of its activities beyond life insurance to the international market and its retirement plans in the US , the newspaper says and cites sources close to the matter .
Choose the best
Are rare the mobile who are able to read music for ten to twelve hours , in most cases , this figure is much lower .
A cockroach flees before danger , but does it feel fear ?
A trend which was underlined by the Pope and by the President of the Republic , " Giorgio Napolitano at his meeting with Benedict XVI at Quirinal , asked for the state and the church to work together to defeat racism . "
To the question : what will we have in five years ? Schmidt said he would like Google to be able to respond to questions such as , " What can I do tomorrow ? " Or " What is the work that would suit me best ? " . However , software cannot only respond to these kinds of questions , simple at first sight , the day when it know enough about users .
Deflation has resulted in the sectors of petrol transformation ( 1.4 percent ) , the manufacture of machines and electrical equipment ( 0.9 percent ) , and a minimum increase in the processing sector of wood ( 0.1 percent ) .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
To gain the attention of the institutions , the social forces and means of information on this dramatic aspect , the Anmil is today celebrating , in all the Italian provinces , the 58th National Day of victims of accidents at work , institutionalised the second Sunday in October .
In addition , they are forced to admit that the SIM card in their phones is not recorded in their behalf , so they cannot have them fully , in the manner of ordinary customers ' mobile operators .
Kovalev handed the victory with the only goal
CSU : a grace period of transition
Some expected that the US and Britain were going to get to the Sudeten a certain type of autonomy .
The German banking system is relatively stable , insisted the Federal Finance Minister only a few weeks ago .
When nobody is watching , it can walk
The tactics , in these fights unequal , is often ruining the defendants to impose an amicable solution which bâillonnera the opposition in addition to scare anyone who dares to look again at the issue .
Marek : A psychological help
New Yorkers in general have become very familiar to the world of finance in recent weeks .
But not thoe that take advantage of the taxpayers ' .
The installation in all the institutions of the Presidency of the Council is complete with the Palais Chigi .
Quickly , everything becomes calm in the bus as the passengers sleep .
But be careful .
In the framework of the rescue plan , the resources must be mobilised to purchase what we call spoiled mortgage documents .
Domestic non-sale prices have risen to a lesser extent , 0.1 percent , compared with the previous month .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .
The second half began after the Jets and the Arizona Cardinals played dirtily under the dark clouds .
The strategy of sugar and hard against drivers
Some believe that extra Place bears the name since 1802 , when the legacy of the great firm of the many children of Philip Minthorne was divided , leaving aside this small tract of land , which has remained abandoned ever since .
Otherwise , we risk that other countries are suffering the effects .
In Mexico without peep-toes
The suspect was not willing to settle his debt and it is for this reason that he drew his creditor , last Wednesday , to a site of Ózd where he killed him , and his daughter aged 9 years .
With an adhesive that barely measured 2.5 square centimetres , researchers have managed to stick a body of 100 kilograms on a vertical wall .
Investors feared that the rescue plan high of $ 700 billion of the United States Government may not be sufficient to restart the financial markets .
The anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the national theatre under the direction of Jirˇí Beˇlohlávek .
I had rice the aromatic herbs , small sausages , a salad of cucumber and algae , fruit and a kind of meat surrounded by tofu .
Moreover , the bill also mentions meals , and our restaurant has been closed for a long time . "
The rest , " with climate change , we need to rethink our vision of the North , " he said , referring to the passage of the north-west , which will open all year because of the melting of the ice .
The movement of water in the tides , turnes the blades in the turbines , creating a rotational movement that feeds a generator .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
Those who are listening to music in such conditions for prolonged periods , risk a permanent hearing loss of capacity after five years .
They have too many charm .
During a campaign rally in Detroit , on Sunday , Obama has expressed his hope that Congress vote soon on the 700 billion rescue package .
In a " circuit , " a survey of choice of Lados was a bistro .
Unlike several film legends , which left the job early enough , Newman remained a long time in the saddle , while denouncing Hollywood , its gold , its glamour , and its concessions .
Kamathis came in third at 2 : 07 : 48 .
It has two hundred of them recruited .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred to the gates of the community .
I already knew thanks to my mangas .
The magistrates have imposed a ban of six months on Glitter after he had spoken to the authorities who had him under control , of his intention to go to Spain via France .
From Kristoffer Klein . Enlarge . Hard landing for international player Marko Marin .
It should discourage drivers from driving fast and of drunk-driving .
In the first half of 2008 , the reserve of liquidity of the bank had been reduced to 95 percent to 2.37 million , the rate of capital also had declined slightly to 1,45 of 1.6 percent .
Vargas Llosa , who won the price of the Hay Festival to the majority of the participants , was packed auditorium at the scene Juan Bravo .
Here in New York , all speak fluent finance .
" The revolving doors - according to Brunetta- are an instrument for working better , with more productivity , attendance and services " says the minister .
According Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view . "
But I do not know how to prove it .
And even more surprising is that if she had not committed this act , its history would certainly never have ended up in court .
" Everything depends on whether the coach has in its approval , permission to propose standing places .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
The ' Plan North " is the fourth part of a " vision " that Prime Minister claims to have to the Quebec , that of a " new " economic area , which includes an agreement on the workforce with France , an agreement between Canada and Europe and agreements with the Ontario .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
It was a young girl free dance and specialist of oriental dances .
New investigate the case of the US prosecutors .
Indeed , to publish the final version of the law and submit it to the vote , the Congressmen must concur on a number of details of the agreement .
With regard to the candidate , I don ' t worry .
From bus station near the station at Puorta Nueva , four bus start this evening at 11.45 p.m. , and are expected to arrive at 6h30 : ' destinazione Monaco , Festa della birra , '
The antistress book is entitled ' 1001 ways to relax ' and will arrive at the booksellers directly from the publisher Pearson Alhambra and DK .
The New York Stock Exchange has suffered a record drop on Monday after the rejection by the House of Representatives of the Paulson plan to bail out banks : The Dow Jones has lost 6,98 % , a never before seen loss approaching the 800 points , and the Nasdaq 9,14 % .
This will be crucial to decide on the sharing of losses between the financial sector and the government , " said Marek to the server iHNed.cz. this week .
But in most cases , you will be limited by the absence of exit for ordinary headphones .
Show the security guards that we are well behaved !
" We are about to agree on a plan that will work and be equally effective on the market .
Is believed to be out of this impasse since Democrats have accepted that some " toxic " assets of companies in difficulty are only insured by the government , rather than bought .
" Most people , who pass by this area , will think , ' Oh , this city has nothing compared to others " Alondra Kenon said after the mass Sunday .
She added : " Some people have not appreciated it " .
Staying the night would involve unnecessary costs , explains Marco .
I believe that rats and other mammals , perhaps even the cafards ( who knows ? ) of the sensations .
A statement would surprise and do not on the part of representatives of the operators .
Of these European roots will generate a glorious faces of the American dream .
The Hamburg SV of will on Monday its 121 years .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
Moreover , it is also because of errors in format , like wrong fonts on the bills and false stamps , that the bills issued by order of Együtt a Harmadik Évezredért Alapítvány , of 21 Századi Kulturális Egyesület and Biztos Bridge have been proved to be false .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
Another application could be its incorporation into the GPS satellite navigation system , so that it can guide the driver to its destination by avoiding obstacles on the way .
And because their sensations probably differ completely from all of us ( as humans our consciousness is based on special circuits , and on the language ) , I prefer to explore the emotional behaviour rather than the emotional sensations rats .
What will appear in the spotlight ?
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred the gates of the community .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
There is no beer , not anymore .
Compared to its more colourful neighbour , Bowery , Extra Place has left a slight historic footprint .
Locally , the executive group is at 65 % .
The interpretation of the dominant market position is one of the many points of contention .
The symptoms of hepatitis A appear two to three weeks after the consumption of contaminated food , in general , accompanied by general bad health , weakness , upset stomach and nausea .
In a City in Part , Pride and the plight of the Black Life
Curiously , this approach also highlights the importance of the prefrontal cortex in the phenomenon of sight .
But that means and for the emotions ?
Experts fear that the general theory of relativity is not entirely correct .
Two elite Kenyan runners , James Kwambai and Charles Kamathi , continued to defy Gebrselassie after the head of the queue had disappeared .
People pay less and less attention to the operating system but increasingly to their Internet browser .
The girl was at the moment , unfortunately , seated next to the driver , on the most dangerous seat in the vehicle , although she had the choice of sitting in any of two other seats .
This sentence is the actress Sally field , who has worked with him in ' absence of malice " , and illustrates the despair of American cinema , and America , faced with the idea striking that Newman is no longer in the world .
The late entry of CBGB , a punk rock monument closed in 2006 , re-opened Extra Place ; the street is certainly more famous thanks to the photo on coverage of the album of Ramones " Rocket to Russia "
The project of the motorway happened just when the most famous girl of Eatonville had recovered her appeal .
Net fall of oil following new concerns for the world of the economy
Newman , rather than sitting on a myth , has committed to the end .
According to her , the liberal government , in coming to power in 2003 , has refused to implement it .
But it is said , keep our eyes wide open , it is not without reason .
It was a blow for everyone .
Has few exceptions , the street has always the same pace .
I have done all the things that I wanted to do for tiny and it gave me a lot of happiness .
Trerise wrote in a confession letter : " I feel responsible for her death " .
The player rentra Gladbach do that late in the game and his firing lifted fail against the framework of the goal .
The intervention of governments of Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg had been made necessary after the French bank BNP Paribas said she renounced acquire its competitor in trouble since she has lost 2 billion ( 2.9 billion US ) in the mortgage crisis in the United States .
In addition , the deletions made in the newsroom , in the room where the authors are working for the assembly of newspapers , are a major problem .
They have even named this unaffordable baby
Hepatitis C may also have serious consequences : If it is not dealt with , it can lead to cirrhosis of the liver or cancer .
And in Spain it is estimated that it could save the lives of 115 people each year .
All lies with it , " he says .
The Austrian Socialists of SPÖ want to discuss with the Conservatives of the ÖVP .
It accusa Vice Minister of Interior at the time , Marco Minniti , accusing it of having engineered the very for a political issue , but given the request of incarceration signed this morning , the judges explain that the clan Piromalli was even manages to ask the variation of the draft the A3 .
Austria thinks seriously about regaining its courage , following its oscillation to the right in the parliamentary elections yesterday .
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo towards Kawasaki and I take the train 40 minutes until the Highschool of Tachibana .
An automaton will monitor the coupon instead of the driver
Sheikh Hasina should return to the Bangladesh in a few weeks , but his party , the League Awani , has demanded that the military government temporarily give him the country ' s first full freedom .
The novel is taking place in places that nobody knows and addresses issues unknown , but once again , Mario Vargas Llosa is determined to move the new draft that it works , a novel that Roger Casemant main character , an Irish nationalist who lived 20 years in Congo , which happened in the Amazon .
It was detained last year after the military interim government has assumed power , but was released in June for care abroad .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to be firm by fishermen .
A famous American politician who wants to be independent , wrote : " Barack Obama will be the second anti-American president .
" We have taken a major step forward , " said Nancy Pelosi , the Democratic chairman of the US House of Representatives , according to which all that remains is to put the agreements on paper .
With this film Garci does not expect a price .
What good then to facilitate the advent of such a competitor ?
The Hypo Real Estate , since the takeover of the Depfa , an investor of state and infrastructure highly important .
The 31 girls of the class have all done whispering , pouffé laugh and signs , and I have always heard the word ' Kawaii " .
Is it to cause of the crisis that they have decided to buy the shirts small with less fabric and suddenly cheaper ?
Moreover , if right side of Naomi fascinates me .
Jancˇura denies that the two seats reserved for stewards had been sold .
He is bound to inform the authorities if it wants to go abroad for more than three days .
" Sangre de Mayo , " the bet dared to Garci
In 2003 we thought for a moment that the Deta-Bank could merge with the bank of the Land of Rhineland Palatinate and Halbab .
" It has been a dirty victory " , summed up Marin Jol .
The impact will be measured in Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
Passers-by said they did not think often of Extra Place , and suggested its development .
This amount would be twice that produced by nuclear power plants .
" Our challenge for the next decade is to maintain the safety of our products .
The Federal Reserve and the Federal Institution for the Surveillance of the Financial Services ( Bafin ) assume that the ability of the Hypo Real on the market is now guaranteed .
Other believed that they would simply in Czechoslovakia .
The song was released in the UK , as a single in 1979 , and reached the 15th place .
However , given the expansion of the festival Hurston , a certain level of local pride has emerged .
The chairman of the party , Erwin Hube and the head of the regional government , Günther Beckstein , can still retain their place . The question is how long will the grace period last ?
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
The phrase " You do not think " is inscribed in capital letters on the registration plate .
The first new of the failure of the rescue plan have driven the Dow Jones temporarily 700 points .
Because WestLB , injured , is still strong pressure .
Never in the history of the Palais Chigi , have there been rotating doors for the entry and exit of employees .
The Bush administration and the leaders of Congress , both Republicans and Democrats , are finally reached an agreement yesterday on the greatest economic recovery plan since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
It may be that the person speaks with a small , quiet voice , with isolated words , murmurs or on the contrary with cries , tears , long speeches ...
The neurophysicien Joseph LeDoux is convinced that many animals have also of the sensations .
It apparently emanates a force of attraction whose effect is tangible on other celestial bodies .
However , the leaders of the banks find themselves in an uncomfortable position and waiting for help from the state can expect that their redundancy payments , called simply Atlantic golden parachute , will be capped by the government .
They are a brief break with the photographers before moving in the room where the official all awaits them .
The bad boy from Australia , Russell Crowe , called Newman his greatest inspiration .
In short , such a relationship could be the decisive impetus to other concentrations in the Länder banks sector .
We don ' t need a capacity of gigabytes , or even of megabytes .
The opposite , Antonio Damasio for example believe that the sensations from primitive activities are born in the areas of the body feeling of the cortex and core of the brain , like Jaak Pankseep however , which focuses more on the brain syllabus .
As we have said before , they can also be associated with very high fever , to situations of stress or become agitated .
" Say what you want , we will see ourselves to the cross , on Obama or McCain .
That is , on the screen of the apparatus , that will show the information about the validity of their document .
The Bavarian real estate company ' s shares lost three-quarters of its value in spite of the rescue operation of the federal government and private banks , Commerzbank fell by more than 20 percent .
Its huge resemblance to his sister has not prevented to develop its own personality .
According to Rule , the kidnappers wanted to release the hostages women after paying the price .
Has Naples , for a bed it is 300-400 euros , for a simple , it spends 400 to 600 euros , with prices higher in the areas Policlinico , Vomero , and Colli Aminei .
The question , if it is really a chance , is naturally .
On the contrary , they are trying to do everything possible to avoid the appearance of a potential competitor .
A library single-issue ( of course ) ouvra Hurston in 2006 , on a wonderful Kennedy Boulevard , repavé .
The Prime Minister does not exclude the possibility of triggering the elections before the end of the year
It is , however , question for some time now , also from Frankfurt - a relationship of any Deka between the bank , which is customers of the Sparkasse of their investment funds , and WestLB .
Haile Gebrselassie , Ethiopia , has once again proved to be worthy of his title of best athlete of substance of the century , having beaten his own world record in the marathon in Berlin on Sunday , becoming the first to run 26,2 miles in less than 2heures and 4minutes .
As a client important , it gets of price ( and other special ) .
The Latin are always between the residential buildings , as 50 shirts mules , a glossy hung a yoke prepared on his shoulders .
Among the prescriptive planned , there are measures of tax facilities in favour of managers and benefits to the public in terms of mobility : Viewers will be able to enter the area to movement limited , and have special tariffs for the parking spaces and in some parks .
It he : " I stress in particular , as describe his father and his mother , the effects of your crime had made for years on Stéphanie .
Passers-by some said they did not think that rarely to extra Place , and suggested its development .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
On trade terms , the stock exchange of Prague fell
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
" In cases where the coach would have slowed down a steep , the laws of physics would obviously be valid .
Some states can still be a lifeline to their staggering financial institutions , and thanks to their own taxpayers ' money , they can save them from bankruptcy .
However , it is generally believed that this way to buy music ( either by GSM , Internet , even by wireless Internet ) will dominate the music industry in the future .
For compensating the girl ' s family , the agency will not wait for the judgment of the Court , and as far as the financial compensation is concerned , it is also counting on the culprit to pay .
Then , in a puddle of blood , the phrase ' You " paieras .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
This ' territory twice great as France ' , ' home is in Quebec .
It will not at the beginning of 2009 but by late 2009 or see in 2010 .
His message was made , it was out of his lips so persuasive .
The UN has conducted a vaccination campaign in the six provinces last week .
In his party , the choice of the opposition or entry into the coalition is temporarily an open question . These points should be debated in the ÖVP .
The first shop in London .
" Anyone who wants to maintain Israeli sovereignty on the whole city will be forced to integrate 270 000 Arabs .
Beˇlohlávek consider the Czech national anthem as one of the finest anthems .
This is a loss for the academic world , as in the public debate in Canada , and it is time that governments are in place arrangements restricting this kind of prosecution abusive .
At the conference on emerging technologies at MIT Microsoft has been presented a new system of recognition of image and human interaction , a kind of artificial Intelligence with little intelligence but able to do some basic tasks , such as call a taxi ( or in the case of Microsoft , a shuttle for travel in the campus of the company ) in response to what it was asked during a conversation .
After the market price hotels have risen for years , the nights hotels have already cut in many places .
Not at all .
This time , the decline is due to the fall of the Wall Street .
McCain , on his part wanted to build a fleet of 45 nuclear power plants by 2030 .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation .
Democratic Senator Barack Obama is awarded the addition of certain provisions to understanding , including the proposal to allow homeowners to keep their homes and on executive pay companies rescapées by the state .
Today , one in 12 million runs the risk of blood be infected with HIV .
But of course this is the future .
In August 2008 , domestic industrial prices rose by 0.1 percent compared with the previous month , and 12.9 % with August 2007 - communicates the Central Office of Statistics of Hungary .
The course of action of the great German bank Hypo Real Estate collapses and the Dax into the abyss .
The investigation is based on the argument of the lawyers who hold that their dismissal was due to political causes .
In the timing of the construction or the destruction of stadiums , the streets , hotels and airports , the two guests running after the delays .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
I read it in my mangas .
When the Police patrol came it has found the actress sitting inside his vehicle , which is blocking partially the road .
" There is a real danger that the PZPN not be able to act within the rules , " said Drzewiecki of the Polish news agency pap .
The number one trio of the Canadien is prepared to take the season .
The authorities responsible : In line with operators
But he said he do not feel well , and refused to go to London .
This person , at that time , called the emergency services because " she was concerned about the life of Locklear " .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred the gates of the community .
The dumping total in English focusing on the use almost constant of English in the investigation .
The new Czech anthem has four new versions .
Indeed , the Web 2.0 is not something else that cooperation , that the fact that we are intentionally traces behind us , and that we use of communication channels available to us , and while the size of these changes one by one , the essential remains the same : It is exposed .
We must ask for permission for most of the interviews , and some choses- as the walls of the old church of Eatonville , painted by the white man , illustrating of black men in the champs- should not be photographed .
But look at all in detail and from the start .
Here is an unmeasured source of energy which covers more than 70 % of the surface area of the planet and now the major global energy companies are beginning to discover it .
According to the indictment , a large part of the bills were false .
Her lawyers have announced that she will now appeal to the Supreme Court against the order of the Supreme Court .
Anyone in health , aged 18 years and responding to the eligibility criteria can still give blood every 56 days , or six times a year .
As we know , the national reserves of blood transfusion Service managed by the Canadian Red Cross were infected with the acquired immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) and the hepatitis C virus during the 1980s .
" Next week could be a turning point , " said the influential Democratic Senator Charles Schumer yesterday .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
In the world of Vice-President , it seems that it is only lawyers highly paid and not all Canadians ; this is a rather narrow view of the concept .
The photo in this article , was taken earlier this month in one of the rooms reserved for employees of Microsoft at Redmond .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
" Matilde transforms Tórtola into a mature figure .
Even tougher means of action were decided in Poland .
A few days you debuted on the ramp with Naomi Campbell , is it not ?
For a price of three or four thousand kronor , one can buy a very decent walkman .
In this respect , the economic crisis seems to produce two convergent phenomena .
I had not felt the crisis despite the stories completely pessimistic until this afternoon when I décidai to open a new savings bank .
Of votes have continued to rise yesterday against this project , both in the Republican side that democrat .
They agreed upon a ransom , " said the official .
You had not long ago 30 years : Has this been hard for you ?
German Günther Bauer mixes in " Flamenco - people " the theatric aspect of a few scenes with singers , dancers and guitarists with this less-known side of artists .
Its aim is the reintegration of the driver in road re-education courses .
As in the case of the society Ravenna Bt. or the sport training facility of Kunfehértó , which both deny being the authors of invoices in their names .
Beyond his career to legend , to be replaced as a major civil rights campaigner , ecology , independent cinema , a excesses of Hollywood .
The Bentos are not only lunches in Japanese schools .
Here , too , there are factors to consider on the basis of price and quality .
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index has gone awry by 2.1 percent to 18.286,90 points .
" And we did not know whether the disease could be transmitted by the blood .
The Basque police have finally arrested one of the two occupants and seized the 2.178 kilograms of hashish that they were carrying and they have found after inspected the van , a Iveco Daily .
But also pool them into groups of conversation
Nights of sleep for shareholders of Hypo Real Estate
The level of higher prices of raw materials plastic and chemical has led to a considerable monthly rise in the price of manufacture products and chemical materials ( 1.6 percent ) .
The proposal was made while Eatonville was just a difficult time in its history .
The price the most prestigious fashion
However , some right wing experts propose a different view of things : for the creation of a virtual operator to be possible , we must obtain , each time , the consent of the network operator .
At Eatonville , no great commemoration , or mark for the general public .
" In other words , it means distribute 12 million blood products before someone is infected with HIV .
Other applications could affect the aerospace engineering .
Following the Bundestag elections , which will take place in September 2009 , Merkel will again be Chancellor only if they are able to regain their feet one way or another , with a joint force , the CSU , having played an important role in the success of 2005 .
It could be start the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
" In nous- stressed Mercandelli- more controls and inspections are needed , as well as greater intervention on the training of workers , and this , at school . "
It is the second increase in the price which follows an increase of two penny in February , and comes following a research carried out by a society of consultation .
A clear but complex pessimism invades American journalism .
The risks should be recalled to drivers , " said Martin Korˇán , the psychologist Transport the hospital Na Homolce .
A virtual operator win the Czech Republic this year .
Spiegel Online presents answers to the question in a series of articles " What do you think is true without evidence ? "
It lasted , he added , until teachers and students came from the same place .
A lady of Miami wrote on a website : " This person is full of ambition " .
Several people have rightly pointed out that an Internet browser is not an operational system .
Anti-cancer treatments being more aggressive , patients are often in need of recharge in red or white blood cells .
In Germany , according to a current study , flights are cheaper by almost 50 percent .
In a US magazine article of the American Chemical Society , researchers have presented a Californian removed formed of microfibres as hair , who washing of dust in the movement on an area to ensure a constant perfect and grip .
For some , it is linked to a " safe job " .
" We need more charm and more dribbles " , demanded Jol .
Pankseep argues that what is fear among humans and rats is probably also felt the same way in both cases : how could anyone check whether rats and humans feel the same thing when they behave in a similar way ?
Firstly , by his name flamboyant - although it is known as ' Marcel , which has to do with the sport as it takes the name , according to legend , boxeur Marcel Cerdan , a lover of the singer Edith Piaf .
Beˇlohlávek considers the Czech national anthem as one of the finest anthems .
" Worrying data provided by the Anmil , and the tragic events of recent days , confirm the importance of the issue of prevention in the workplace , " says the President of the Republic , Giorgio Napolitano , in a message to the president of the National Association of Anmil for the mutilated and disabled at work , Pietro Mercandelli .
We must work to the maximum speed , " said President of the Ukrainian League Grigorij Surkis .
They as the anomaly of the support gravitationnel .
Suburban buses are equipped with card readers integrated into the driver ' s till box .
" We know how to take a step back , " said Marcell Jansen .
Today we are starting in March we end , in June we learn the sums .
These people photographiées " in the street artists ' are able to pass on stage of the passion , the sadness , the joy ... in exciting the public .
And already buses drive into the night on the ' Autostrada Brennero direction .
Not many .
A few children speak during the night .
A filtering dam has been put in place on the peninsula of Quiberon .
Two minors have helped to remove traces of the double homicide of Ózd
In the US as in Europe , the crisis appears to speed up the phenomena that has been incubated for some time , so much so that , in the new climate , they have solidified and are revealing themselves .
For Elena , this is the first time , for Luca already the third or fourth time .
It presented his hometown the world through books sincere , full of dialect , such as " mules and Men " ( 1935 ) and " " their Eyes were watching God " ( 1937 ) .
The more functions you use , the lower the average expected battery run .
The opposition does not provide for actions of protests in view of the results . It is trying rather to get his message on the need for economic reforms to the voters .
Not in sight
As soon as you leave your seats , they are gone ! '
The pressure spin a turbine which in turn , leads a generator .
It is clear that the rest helped him remain brilliant , without rusting .
Share price fell by 75 percent to EUR 3.30 .
He huge resemblance to her sister has not prevented her from developing her own personality .
Without dismantle , he was brief and precise .
" Protect the people of Kent is the intention the most expensive to the Police of Kent , and we are closely monitoring the behaviour of those who are accused of sexual abuse in the region , in order to minimise the risks to the public . "
Then they found a cyst in his vocal cords .
The employee who cannot be named , is accused of violating the section 8.1 of the act , i.e. of the clause which deals with the preservation of information .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
The fate of the tandem , having suffered a catastrophic loss of voice of 17 percent , will be on the agenda of the party congress exceptional , held the last weekend of October .
" The guidelines that I have read [ are ] that this is something that we will all have to digest and with which we can move forward .
Other operators would also refer to the nature of the Czech market .
An employee of the Ministry of Defence was in transit when he forgot two highly classified documents , on a train going in the direction of Waterloo .
The eye to aspects of the bee plays an important role , since it is able to see in all directions , in a 300 degrees .
This amount would be twice that produce nuclear power plants .
The courts have banned the glamour rock star , Gary Glitter , accused of sexual abuse of children , to travel to France and Spain .
The main strategy of Vodafone in this area is the discovery of a partner to put in place a common network for a rapid mobile Internet . "
" The office has not met , on this subject , signs of behaviour anticompétitif , it has no reason to intervene in one way or another .
In Europe , the crisis has suddenly accelerated , pushing banks to emergency measures in the United Kingdom , the Benelux , Iceland and Germany , a sign that the markets are facing " not only a US crisis , but a global crisis , " added the analyst at FTN Financial .
Waves , tidal currents , is the new renewable sources on which the behemoths like Chevron asked me , and now trying to get their hands .
He was ill since 2007 .
The project has turned into a anthologie the intoxicating spirit of flamenco , which will soon be published in a book of collecting portraits exposed to the gallery .
" We must examine all aspects of the case for the coming weeks , to assess the options to avoid the building societies and their members pay a hefty bill " said Mr Cole .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
It is enough to insert the Opencard card with the chip and the coupon bought earlier will register itself on the card .
Many voters believe that they will find salvation in a party which extols Virtue , Law and Order : they do not see that this government has given up on what was the reputation and the dignity of our country .
" Paul Gadd was not present at the time " .
I do not refer to those who wake up fully awake and recount something that happened the day before , but children who speak during their sleep .
At a conference in the upper School of Public Administration
Will it be a birthday party without genuine .
We think she has suicidée by suffoquant with a plastic bag .
We have done our views on the form that should have the package of measures to stabilise the market , " confia the Agency Bloomberg the democrat Nancy Pelosi .
He shouted the scandal when the Prefecture ordered the dissolution of the City Council .
The wake up-morning we are sad when it sounds almost every morning at 7 a.m. , but it is even worse when you think the pace of storm that we must present life .
The head péquiste , Pauline Marois , has emerged the common-of-Quebec that the government Landry was launched in 2001 .
These are often historic places , charged with memory , " it is as if a friend of mine has disappeared , someone that we knew , with which we have shared a path and emotions " observed the director of the movie Nuovo Paradiso , which one Tornatore the first Oscar and the Grand Prix of the Cannes film festival 20 years ago , and tells the poetry of a hall in the province , and the nostalgia of a way of living the cinema , perhaps lost forever .
Welt Online depicts the most important cases .
Similarly , has cooperated with the Zuschlags , society Biogate Kft . , who is now in liquidation and in 2003 , has made the bills the order of the Foundation Jobb Jövo ˝ ért Alapítvány , the association Atlasz Egyesület and the association Vörösfenyo ˝ Egyesület , for a total of about five million HUF , but behind which no provision has actually been provided .
The real estate financier Bavarian Hypo Real Estate ( HRE ) , from the DAX side , obtains credit of a billion to protect themselves from economic turbulence from a consortium of German banks .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
There is no precise figures ; we talk about 50 000 who are under way through the Alps and collapse in the newsstand to beer , 10 percent of visitors would express come to Italy this weekend .
Paul Newman the magnificent
How is it possible that prices in the Czech Republic are so high , compared with Europe ?
According to the MEP , it is necessary to raise awareness of these reports in the widest possible circle , equally among the Roma and non-Roma .
" UEFA constantly has an eye on us . "
The implementation was missing .
In a democracy , even critics have the right to speak .
But I do not know how to prove it .
But if you stop and take the time to look at the history , it is a very beautiful city " .
The billions in aid for banks in Europe and the United States does not mask the concerns of investors .
It is the same government that condone torture : Little it is important that a young adult is now psychologically destroyed , probably forever after so many years of violence .
Werner Faymann , the chairman of the SPÖ , confirmed that he wanted to discuss with the ÖVP .
Currently the sisters Cruz are taking their new activity in the trend very seriously .
I believe that we can now feel comfortable to receive or to prescribe a blood transfusion to recover the health , " says the head of the direction of Héma-Quebec .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
In recent days , Washington Mutual , a bank with a capital of $ 327 has made use of the syndicate of bankruptcy , and while the New Yorkers returned home for the weekend this Friday evening , another bank , Wachovia , having debts of savings accounts worth $ 440 million , sought desparately for buyer to save it .
Only the neural imaging methods have helped to remove the contradiction between the two theories in leading now on a third explanation . " - said Andrew Schotter , Professor of the ability of economics at the University of New York .
What should be a symbol for the fact that we can pay with our life for a moment of insufficient attention .
Even if he speaks , he is sleeping and is therefore .
The course of action of the great German bank Hypo Real Estate collapses and pulls Dax into the abyss .
He was born in Ohio in 1925 , a German Jew father and mother of Hungarian origin .
Is to be ready for the return .
" But what we want is that it should not be just a spectacle , " commented the leader Sebastián Proulx , replacing Mario Dumont , who returns from a holiday today .
Student Agency is the only carrier coach services to offer stewards onboard .
And he adds that it is essential to make it more efficient , the public administration .
Staging is also thanks to music composition and guitares of Jesús Torres is Paco Arriaga , the popular song of Michel Ortega , el Pulga are Moi of Morón ; the percussions of El Pájaro , and the breaches of Rafa El Viola and the cooperation of a player , Juanfra Juárez , " which plays the role of the eternal companion of this kind of artists who were considered divas " .
When the price of oil declined in 1980 , the idea of using marine energy was set aside , but now the ecological movement and the further increase in the price of oil has given a strong growth to the sector
Journalists can clearly see where the web is going .
But the film maker regrets not having secured funding for films such as " Captain Alatriste " or " The ghosts of Goya " - more than double that obtained for " Sangre de Mayo ’ – , because he was not been able to turn a few scenes written in a script signed by Horacio Valcárcel , with whom he has worked during most of his career .
And to top it all , they are all listed in a book which will bring the relax bookshops 30 September .
Dark matter affects the flight of space probes
The savings and transfers of Hesse-Thuringia , which holds 85 percent of the capital of the Helaba , however has drawn a lock at the beginning of the year on any union with WestLB .
The Socialist Christians have transformed Bavaria for decades and now , these are the same modern people who are turning their backs to it .
Thus the " dance of the butterfly " reminded me of a Cuban popular dance and " dance of the snake " of some tangos .
On a purely theoretical , I cannot contradict him , but I believe that prove .
Issues that arise after the accident : The stewards in the because they are illegal immigrants ?
The judgment of Google is therefore somewhat contradictory : It is severely criticised by those who fear the transmission of their personal data , because they believe that their inner world and their private sector suffer when they begin to use Google services . Therefore , they address them in the spirit of revolt that it is against the multinational companies proud of their image conservative .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
But in this approach that followed Christof Koch and Francis Crick , it focuses more on the nerve correlations of the aware that on the mechanisms causals : The two can be identical or not .
To capture the moment of personality of these artists we should not make photos on stage .
But as of today , is in force this new measure against hypocrites , against which tip and then goes to drink coffee in the bar during working hours .
" I do not propose to make peace with Syria solely on the basis of a pension Heights , " signala it .
" We have made great progress .
Which is relative because it will not be easier to handle an injured CSU , and the crisis of the social democrats still lasts .
Its cost is higher than 1,000 euros and is the responsibility of the driver .
Charges brought against him are multiple murder , assault with intent and committed by interest .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices has developed between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
But Dannemarie could not benefit from the situation caused no major problems to an Illhousien team which fell back just a little to make a " compacter " defence , except in the last few seconds to play when , after a big scuffle , the ball was very close to crossing the goal line .
The second weekend of the party of beer is also known as the weekend of Italy .
Some residents , including the bloggeurs which had already talked about the move towards the luxury of the East Village , have opposed the idea of selling extra Place , saying that this humble small property should remain public .
And New York Times from yesterday confirms that the current crisis divides the Republican Party , even more divided between its old East Coast soul , which is moderate , in favour of the federal institutions and the business community , and its new soul , which is on the contrary , conservative , hostile to " those in Washington " and the world of finance , powerful especially in the States of the Centre and the South .
For now , not super heroes .
According to the survey , the equipment would have been bought by the company to operate Investment Kft. of Kiskunhalas , who was in liquidation since 14 September 2005 .
Today , began in Paris , the European summit for the Equal Opportunities , including the guest is France , as representative of the current presidency of the European Union .
The World Energy Council ( WEC ) of London estimated in 2007 , only 15 % of the world needs electricity could be covered by the operating systems of the choppy seas of the seas .
" Sometimes God creates perfect people .
This financing plan for thaw of the crisis on Wall Street and the credit market paralyzed , has become the central issue in the presidential campaign .
Target for 2008 , reach 5 million download , and given that today there are nearly 3 million and 600 miles , it is likely that with the exit of the new version , we can even exceed the figure planned
Back compete in memory the cowboy charm of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) , the young man sensuelle rejecting his wife ( Elizabeth Taylor ) in The chatte on a roof burning adapted of Tennessee Williams in 1958 .
But the opposite must not be ruled out .
The basic models do not support in principle that maps with a maximum capacity of 2 UK .
The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .
The electronic vouchers are valid from tomorrow not only in the capital , but also in the surrounding areas of the city .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
In this new geopolitical context , the prime minister believes that occupy the territory is a duty .
The evening of the prizes will be presented by Coldplay , with this year , the selection having been restricted to four categories .
Rieger has been HSV ' s physiotherapist for nearly three decades , and has a great reputation like many former players .
This , the representatives of the ÚOHS must very well know , but their interests are apparently elsewhere .
From yesterday , there is also the possibility of buying the voucher by Internet on the web pages of Dopravní podnik : Www.dpp.cz .
The winner will be rewarded by a price of 300,000 euros .
Steve Ballmer has found that if the computers were sold with the necessary instead of applications unnecessary , they would go five times faster .
I feel better than ever , I ' m delighted with my 30 years .
The talks come , however , only to begin , said in the financial centre .
The saga of Meat loaf will be honoured .
Flights and hotels will again become profitable - it is the result of a study conducted by a provider of financial services and American Express travels .
A Dark Street in the City , Often Forgotten , and Maybe Soon are now on sale .
It is entirely invisible , i.e. that it sends nor does not reflect electromagnetic radiation , especially no visible light .
Two months ago , Locklear was released from the clinic in Arizona , where she was interned for care of a nervous breakdown .
" A city without cinemas is a blind city , it is as a face without eyes "
The new has been watered down by the recent concerns that the crisis would be durative .
Saturday night , President George W. Bush spoke to Pelosi , then , the White House has also welcomed the news of the agreement .
For years , a mysterious phenomenon is because of confusion among researchers - the anomaly of the support gravitationnel .
Publication printed against broadcast .
Otakar Jeremiásˇ and Jaroslav Krcˇek are the authors of the arrangements for the anthem .
From April to June , the economy class ticket prices have fallen by an average of 12.5 percent compared with the previous quarter , while variation in prices of business-class and first class tickets have been far less pronounced .
While the debts to have barely budged , the background flagging loans .
" What works with drivers is the system of sugar and the whip .
Attention to the fungus orange juice , and bone .
And the mobile operator has quite logically the monopoly on its network .
The BBC correspondent Frank Gardner said that this episode had ( surprised ? ) people of Whitehall .
Therefore , an early prevention is very important , as well as regular screening tests .
The head of state expresses its " sincere appreciation for the ongoing effort associations in favour of prevention in the workplace , the protection of workers victims , assistance to the victims ' families and awareness of public opinion "
It is has the right instincts , " has , however , warned Bill Clinton this weekend .
Analysis Paris history of the sitting Morning Meeting historic Morning Meeting
Or heels of transgressing or clothes .
The blips were prepared by the agency Euro RSCG .
The problem of American journalists , the money , the money .
" With these 3 % , we manage to maintain an inventory that meets the needs of hospitals .
Verdant announced have a long list of clients in expectation of authorisations necessary to draw of energy .
Observed from this point of view , emotions are closely linked to the regions of the cortex that characterise primates and especially Man .
Without making a great match , the yellow and blacks created the most chances and managed to convert one to win the match .
The largest owner on the stock exchange of Prague is the investment bank Patria Finance , with about 25 % of holdings , followed by the 14.7 percent of the bank Ceská Sporitelna and the Tiger Holding Four S. a.r.l. with 13.5 percent .
" Frm Godbout , who created Hydro-Quebec at Lesage , to Lesage who started the quiet Revolution and the nationalisation of hydro-electricity , to Bourassa who made the James Bay , our party was able to forge its future , " said Jean Charest .
It is not unthinkable that one will have to resort to financing in full spread .
If the pressure which requires new mergers were to increase , it could see potential partners gradually slipping away from it .
The assistant trainer Cornelius Jol has acquiesed and given the thumbs up .
Because , for Barrick Gold , the best way to conduct a public debate would lead to ruin anyone who dares to support a position contrary to his ?
" Passing the road on the left , " she writes , " you will find the brown and white modern public school , with its gardens and its areas for games well maintained that Howard Miller has always taken care of , although he hardly knows how to read and write .
The process of marginalization of cinemas , with the birth on the outskirts of big multisalles , and the death of consomption of the single rooms in central areas of cities , is a major events which is inevitable and no doubt ; it has all the hallmarks of a genuine cultural crime .
Interest rates at Hong Kong are at the same level as in the US .
But for the moment , it is accompanied by a total silence .
" I have not abused her sexually .
Count on cheap mobile phones playing music for not much more than a few hours .
Tells us what you do in Paris .
Saturday that is the rain that prevented the celebration of the second race bulls planned .
Already for 2007 , they had been cut by two thirds .
In return , the state should recover options on the shares of the financial society that can be exchanged in correlatively to the evolution of the situation in a way so as to reduce the burden on the Public Treasury .
Terms of supports the financial system will be examined on Monday to the House of Representatives .
According to the political scientist recognised , the erosion of the CSU began well before the sad duo Beckstein-Huber takes office .
Sellers must decide whether they will in turn increase the cost to consumers .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of the Team Record .
Bad weather has hit the fair , because ultimately two festivals out of three could not take place .
The Prime Minister does not preclude a large meeting , " not necessarily a summit " , but a time when " there will be a common vision " .
Three buses are reserved for Italians , and in one of the busses only Brazilians travel .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed , not elected .
Their method , made public by the authorities in charge of the investigation , was to receive the money of subsidies obtained by issuing fresh bills , behind which no real provision was given , and thus the associations never had respect for their commitments .
For these they obtained invoice books from the market at Józsefváros , while the manufactured stamps at Kiskunhalas .
It was Mr Vic Toews , former Minister of Justice ( ironically ) in the Harper cabinet , who allowed himself last summer to say of Louise Arbour that she was a " disgrace " for Canada .
A government which takes no account of the fact that Omar Khadr was a young teenager at the time of the charges being levelled against .
Stress is evil of the twenty-first century .
The Prize for the economy to Paul Krugman .
He stressed that the proposal includes consumer protection , which he also supports .
Thus , the probes can save a lot of fuel .
, the final vote could be done by Sunday .
" We should find a picture with which they react very positively , such as a mother or father , " said the psychologist .
The total amount to the aid of the system should be divided into two parts .
While today the Ministry of Public Administration spreads data on the reduction of absenteeism in the workplace because of illness - writes the association of the consumers - the number of active loafers continues to rise .
Of this school students are largely Hispanic , and low incomes .
The impact will be measured in Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
The " economic pressure " that feel journalists is increased up to 79 % .
Similarly , almost 93 % of students have passed the examination of English-language-arts
On the one hand , Japan is the country of technology and the latest trends , on the other hand , it is tough , disciplined and traditional .
Does not mean that there are plenty of reasons to buy a reader independent .
It he : " Some people have not enjoyed " .
This means that companies will have to find £ 81 million to settle the interests of the first year .
Minister ' s office Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek think it will discourage drivers a dangerous driving .
To ensure that it does not know , five bills fictitious received of society Works Team Kft. have been presented to the MRI .
Has see what you think ...
Renièrent legislators and supports the call to the project of President George Bush .
It has not managed to get in the novélisation of the law on telecommunications , recently adopted , an extension of the powers of the CˇTÚ on the field of economic competition in the telecommunications , although many specialists promised an improvement in the situation .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
It is our duty to bring attention to this phenomenon , not in assessing the alarm on its social gravity , and improving legislation .
The process must be held in a heartbeat .
With a goal and simple methods , the SV Hamburg becomes first of the league .
Until now , his admissions are not very detailed , and although he promised on several occasions to tell everything to the last detail , he has not yet done so .
By 228 votes against and 205 votes for , the representatives refused the Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson the means that he asked .
German domestic flights have even been divided by two according to the study .
It may be that it will not for long .
" The first day of course in Japan .
That is how we need information campaigns in the press and above all negative advertisements , believes the psychologist .
According to article , the kidnappers wanted to release the women hostages after the ransom had been paid .
I am pleased because it has agreed to play a role in my work and I honour " .
Thanks to a technique of palpation of the human brain , it could also find that the Catholics were able to activate the part of the brain responsible for the regulation of pain .
The stars of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco as Diego El Cigala , Chano Lobato , Cristina Hoyos , Enrique Morente , El Lebrijano , Antonio Canales , Vicente Amigo , among others , are part of the selection made from around seventy artists photographed .
" They could propose to restore and manage it , something which Avalon could equally do , but we ' d rather maintain it as public property . "
Forgers did not paying attention to the fact that the company HIB Kft . , based in Nyíregyháza , was in liquidation when ( 2001 ) the group of Fiatal Városért Egyesület was supposed to take a meal at home . According to our information , it is for this reason that the liquidateur of the company denies having made this bill .
The victory against the project of the motorway enabled it to change its own image .
The interest in the image of Eatonville born with Zora , that everyone here calls Hurston .
If Mr Obama really wants to eliminate the differences , he should then consider carefully , the models of education that work , rather than dismiss or view them as insignificant .
Dancers love to dress for classes and tests , to look in the mirror and feel good .
" The strike will continue , " because " the fishermen will not give up " and " do not want to travel to Paris ' , has announced Liliane Cariou , the chairman of the Committee of Fisheries of Lorient .
" We understand the situation and want to be really sure that the words proclaiming that American troops come on the territory German not oppressors and enemies , but as liberators , " is written in the letter , signed " Persons , which the fate of the Sˇumava National Park is close to my heart . "
No , not Mr , I am Spanish but I have lived here thinking two years .
As soon as the somniloquies are trying to stay calm .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe .
Paul Newman was part of that . "
The song , written by Jim Steinman , has required a great voice like Meat loaf .
BSkyB said that the force to reduce its share of ITV would not be sensible and instead was excessive – especially given that BSkyB has just give up its voting rights .
The name hepatitis is a generic name given to infections in the liver and caused by various types of virus .
I am pleased because it has agreed to play a role in my work and I honour " .
" I am so happy , " he said to reporters .
" The needs are increasing because the population ages .
A line of attack stressed since yesterday in Republican television commercials .
You turned 30 a little while ago : has this been hard for you ?
" We have worked very hard on the issue and have made significant progress towards an agreement that will work and will be effective in the market and for all Americans , " said Paulson .
They have achieved this subsidy of EUR twice 500 000 HUF , but these have not been used to the objectives indicated in demand .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
A presidential visit comes at the same time quune General Assembly committee of the " crisis " created by fishermen Breton for measures in the face of soaring oil prices , which reached a record of 1.14 euro per litre on average .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
The situation was discouraging .
Otherwise something will happen that no one would hope for at the moment - that the financial crisis can be overcome in 15 months .
I find that the woman is more mature , has more experience and are relishing life with fewer problems .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
However , he adopted , faced with this problem , its position in point .
" I didn ' t go out of my area " Favre said about all his passes to Coles .
Cornelius is the brother of the entraineur in-chief of Hamburg Martin Jol .
In April 2007 , her real father , Terrance Randle , found her dead in his apartment in Plymouth .
In Borussia , Luhukay has not yet managed to find a functional 11 .
It was sufficient to the mining to open its books , its files and establish a real debate , through the newspapers , the media publications and funding of research teams independent that could shed light on the issue .
It will never disappear but we must see the " death " of the absolute operating system , which must give way to a relative operating system .
The office of the minister Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek thinks it will discourage drivers from dangerous driving .
Paul Newman ( 1925-2008 ) - Death of an icon
The five German , the five Italian and the Romanian and their eight Egyptian companions are doing well and are safe , announced the Egyptian national television .
Good , except perhaps the plums salt confites , brrrr !
Seth Donlin , a spokesman for the Preservation of 2008 , confirmed that the city wanted to sell the street , stressing that the agency ' s mission was to develop the property rather than the deal .
And a privilege for us to have followed the path of an American artist so lucid and generous .
It will be put to the vote early next week .
Oh there is life .
You find yourself in front of people , of characters that sometimes you do not know or give you just a few minutes to photograph them .
I am a woman from the scene , I am very anxious and concerned , I would like to have everything now but of course it is not possible .
As we have already mentioned several times , the entry of virtual operators on the mobile market has made a significant drop in the price of services .
Finally he arrived at Terminal 3 of Heathrow Airport on 22 August and remained there while his lawyer , David Corker , went to the limited court of jurisdiction of Uxbridge , West London , to record him on the list of people accused of sexual abuse , as required by Scotland Yard .
His modesty , sensitivity and talent which flowed from sources unknown shouldhave equally distanced him from the power which gives birth to real sacred monsters .
The lists of price of these firms tend to come to a select few .
Sunday , Barack Obama and John McCain , the candidates for the presidency of the two major parties in America , to support the rescue plan of the government ' s $ 700 billion , but there are politicians who are demanding the resignation of the US Treasury Secretary .
There is nothing left to collect the hostages ' , when suddenly , " this surprise " occurred .
He added : " Beyond the form , the fact that according to the bill , a hundred people were lodged there , did not ring very true either , since the establishment only has eleven chambers , which do not have that much place .
The probes become are unexpectedly faster or slower .
In Germany , prices have been falling even more important than in other European countries .
Paul Newman was one of them . "
It was not in fact a portrait that everyone appreciated .
After the bankruptcy of Washington Mutual Friday , the authorities have held the purchase of banking activities of Wachovia by its rival Citigroup .
The team with its arrivals late committed - the Brazilian Neves and Silva , the guardian of purpose Petric like Jansen débauché of FC Bayern - is certainly slowly , but it is not yet .
The subjects spent half an hour in an MRI scanner , during which they received 20 shocks in four part installments , while watching either the religious painting , or the more general one .
In Asia , Japan ' s main index Nikkei fell to 11.743,61 points after an increase from 1.26 percent .
The essence of the great masters of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco , released all tensions to get the relaxed aspect of the man or woman .
Although she was once a star of literature , a contemporary of Langston Hughes and the only black woman at Barnard College of the 1920s , she was buried in an unknown grave in Fort Pearce , Fla , where she lived .
At boarding it is therefore necessary not only to show the smart card to the driver , but also insert the Opencard into the slot on the side of the box .
For example , Avalon Bay , the manufacturer of recent buildings of luxury on First Street .
And was shot in its response to the proposal : " In any case , my life continues .
For those who accuse the Commission to be useless , given that his views will not be binding , refer reply : " Everything depends on the work that the Commission will be able to do , and the quality of its proposals .
" I am so happy , " he said to reporters .
It is one of the most widespread formats and besides it , the vast majority of devices are also able to read music in WMA format .
. " Many points have been marked by little time . "
Fortis employs 85 000 people and is one of the 20 largest European banks and the 10 largest insurers .
At the time , I was very pleased to have begun to learn the language of two years ago .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Even if it is a shame to be just as underwear .
A court has been told that years of abuse inflicted by her stepfather led a woman to commit suicide .
In the same way as in a city bus or in a tram .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
Shareholders and creditors of the bank did more than hoped .
The time limit that we had given ourselves was the opening of markets this morning .
With children very nervous and who have difficulty relax , relaxation techniques can be used to help calm internally .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
It wants to repave Extra Place , and create a smooth transition to the shops and boutiques , which should open in the new buildings .
It is not just about the attitude of CˇTÚ , which , unlike Britain and other developed countries , has unfortunately no power to intervene in the economic competition in the Czech Republic .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
This vast region is much more developed in humans and other primates and appears to be entirely absent among other people .
Etudiants victims of the rent ladies , up to EUR 900 for a chamber .
And a privilege for us to have followed the path of an American artist if lucid and if generous .
And furthermore , something even more profound , in a sense , even worrying : A reputation , suffering , an image of inadequacy , a sense of isolation which tends to involve the entire class of directors in a growing number of the West .
Is a long list of active principles inhibited by grapefruit and other juices .
" And this is because we do not know what will be the mechanism and the price of buying assets .
In demonstrating the assumption of neurologists , the members of the team ' against failure " were prepared to bid higher than those made by the first group and the group " for victory " .
" Our challenge for the next decade is to maintain the safety of our products .
This is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the ' weekend of Italians ' .
Dre Décary however , bears in mind that " trust is extremely fragile " .
The elites in danger .
On demand , the CD of installation can be shipped at home or at work .
And here , it gives them a lot of importance .
AIG will consider giving up more than 15 % of its assets
The waves , which moves the sludge to the top and bottom , is converted into water pressure of the pistons and cylindres within the cork .
Particular interest , they say the Institute for research of electricity , deserves at the moment , the potential tides .
Two minors have helped to remove the footsteps of the double homicide of Ózd
The impact of Montreal has qualified for the semi-final round series first heats of the first division of the USL , thanks to a 3-1 victory ( 4-3 in total of goals ) at the expense of Seattle Sounders yesterday , at the second and decisive game of the series quarterfinals in total of goals , the stadium Saputo .
The witness said that at 4.30 p.m. , Locklear " pushed hard on accelerator , doing a lot of noise , trying to back out of the garage , and going backwards several times ; she was driving with her sunglasses " .
It is not necessary to store and react with intuitive logic based on data from previous maneuvers . In this way , it uses only a few dozen kilobytes of memory .
Llamazares has asked the Andalusian federation of the United Left to assume its responsibilities in the Silva case
" They believed that a return home , Czech their would be beneficial , " said Chalupa .
They also have the necessary resources and the legitimacy to use resources : two invaluable things which no market or international organisation can ever have in a similar way .
It was full of scrap metal , rags , barrels , posters , leaves and strings . "
The ADQ has urged the support of the adoption of the North Plan by the government .
The one which is most appreciated by Italians , is the tent of the brewery Hofbräu .
Abuse of a step-father- " which led to suicide "
In any case it is a hardly studied phenomenon .
The bloodshed US stocks
Any combination of roles , but only the desire for a corner where a great project for Rome .
Now , at the most half of the $ 700 billion can be spent . The first 250 billion will be issued immediately after the adoption of the law by Congress , probably on Monday . This first amount will serve the Treasury Secretary to buy bad debts from banks , while the use of an additional $ 100 billion will be left to the discretion of the President .
In the context of the tragic accident of the coach of the Student Agency society near Padua , Italy , raises the question whether stewards and passengers can move within the coach during the journey .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
High-end mobiles also allow , for example , the purchase of music online .
In most cases , the rental offers also entail a number of violations : free contracts , unregistered , without limit of rent , sub-leased .
" Yes , we have a serious financial problem
Moreover , the state has a right to buy shares in banks taking part in the plan . In this way , the risk of taxpayers is lessened , since they can even benefit as soon as the economy and the saved banks will regain firm feet .
" In other words , it means distribute 12 million blood products before someone is infected with HIV .
The report by the inspector General was very critical of the role of Mr González in this case , saying that he considered ' first responsible " of the redundancies , and ultimately " abdicate ’ its leading role , " managing remarkably not involved in the case .
This is a problem that must be resolved , according to reporters interviewed , if we want traditional journalism , as the general public knows it , not to be reduced substantially .
A spokesman of the local Islamic Community said to be " deeply shocked " at the announcement of this desecration , which comes during the religious month of Ramadan , which is coming to an end .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices have ranged between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
BSkyB has lost his trial following the verdict of the Competition Commission , which would have to reduce its participation in its rival ITV provider .
The opposition fears that the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe that followed the election process does not recognize the validity of the election .
After the waves , the tides .
Also interesting , some functions specific modules , as anyone who can reduce the dimensions PowerPoint presentations , useful for example , to send them by email or to import queue PDF in the module of drafting graph , retaining the original aspect of the page .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely competetive .
In the first half , the aircraft manufacturer and delivered 97 aircrafts .
Shame , Mr Toews , it is , in this instance , and not elsewhere .
What world do we live in ?
Share prices being sucked into the eddy in Europe and the United States
This is one of the many accusations against her .
Despite all their efforts , it is still not sure that their plan will get the green light .
For 46 years , the CSU was the single " sovereign " of Bavaria giving 18 % of GDP .
That is why , according to the researchers , the rise in prices is what triggers the brain to violent reactions in the striatum .
Current system is also no universal that the phone .
During the war , he was , as a German of ' Cˇeské Budeˇjovice , part of the marine forces in the Baltic countries .
The interests of 2009 cover seven months to the end of September this year until the end of March .
That is one aspect of the American mindset which is kept secret until the end .
Lance T. Izumi , a former member of the studies in California , and former director of the department of education in the Pacific Research Institute for Public Policy , is the co-author of the book " not as good as you would think . Why the middle classes must be able to choose their school . "
The ' rescue teams ' should not use immediately 100 billion , though this would be good if they notaient in which case it would be reasonable to touch the taxpayers ' money , with the aim of preventing biggest damage .
" In other words , it means we will need to distribute 12 million blood products before someone is infected with HIV .
" Everything was not very nice to see today , " confessed later Marcel Jansen .
The talks , however , have only begun , according to sources in the financial centre .
" We have ensured in a letter to the President of UEFA that the preparations for the 2012 European Championships will not suffer . "
Part of the Madrid press is also sees Washington as the scapegoat .
Portraits of which , thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment , given the photograph classic .
His lawyers , Michele Gentiloni and Gaetano Pecorella , asked that the estate agent can go the way of the city of province to a home in the capital .
A day very intense but , at the same time , exciting , we expected .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
In addressing the draft of the hydro-electric dam Eastmain1a-Ruper , Mr Charest pointed out that its operation was scheduled for 2012 .
" The practice of faith should change and in many cases , actually change our personality , " said Wright .
For the Democratic candidate , the current débacle " is the final verdict of eight years of bad economic policy implementation by George Bush and supported by Senator McCain . "
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
But the launch of Android being delayed and the iPhone already on the market , will cost them dear .
Mr Bush salua progress in the negotiations
The head of the Department of Justice , the Prosecutor General Alberto Gonzales , is accused of being involved in this case of dismissal , and in the end , he resigned .
It is a benign change of sleep called somniloquie .
UNIPOL : Court ROME , DANILO COPPOLA remains in GROTTAFERRATA .
According to Monica , they are not just beautiful and famous girls who are lending their names .
The assistant trainer Cornelius Jol has acquiesed and given the thumbs up .
But of course this is the future .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament is that they have been appointed , not elected .
Then I quickly crept back into my place .
Although the President can veto this decision , Congress has the right to put it in a minority .
The midfielder Antonio Ribeiro scored the winning goal in the 90th minute of play .
" This is reformism , " emphasises Brunetta .
It will not work , " he stressed .
And it is precisely on tidal energy that states such as New York , Maine and Alaska , among others in coastal areas , have invested $ 7 million in 2008 and foresee investments of upto 35 million in 2009 .
We cannot ignore the threat longer - highlights the day-Anzeiger in Geneva .
More than a third of students , been many newcomers , is studying English .
According to the results of a recent research , religious belief works as a kind of painkiller , which would have helped to make death more bearable for Catholic martyrs .
A fight taken to extremes : MP3 players versus mobile phones .
What happens if someone uses my data against me , if he looks at my work ? ask users , who worry after seeing the information monopoly excercised Google .
A former PM of Bangladesh has been denied bail
Of these European roots will grow one of the glorious faces of the American dream .
As a result of domestic price fluctuations and for export , the prices of industrial production rose by 0.7 % compared with the previous month , and 3.2 percent compared with the previous year .
What I will do that is to give happiness in my son and raise with a lot of love .
This is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the ' weekend of Italians ' .
They are red in colour and remind one of the machines used to punch tickets , and passengers have perhaps already noticed them in the underground stations at Roztyly , Budeˇjovická , I. P. Pavlova , Florenc and Vltavská .
This whole process must reflect what the bee done to avoid the other bees .
The written version of the economic recovery plan to $ 700 billion to buy the appropriations dubious banks , and to use in several times , is ready .
They are , indeed , free of the costs of construction , operation and maintains the mobile network , relatively high .
Note the case of Bologna , the first Italian city , which concerned about these closures , has decided to resolve the situation with the signing of a protocol between the Mutuelle and Anec , the first of its kind in Italy , to defend and promote cinemas single rooms historic centres and periphery .
Elena first claps Luca , then embraces him .
At the last change , the loss of the ball by Bowens , may well be the most charming play of the game .
She did in addition mention the new husband of Widow Dash and wrote that Lee Glenn " sells drinks of any kind and everything that can serve travellers .
" He has set the bar high , " said George Clooney , which is perhaps the only today who is trying to enter the screen like Paul Newman : By being very honnêt and privacy serious and a long way from the objectives .
I believe that the portrait is the most difficult kind of photography .
It took the second time , when the jets transformèrent a 0-0 in an explosion .
In my view , similar are not enough to prove the experienced the same .
Until now , physicists could not explain this .
The sailors have already shown on Monday their determination by burning , from the beginning , tyres and deposits of fuel pellets to the ports of Brest , and Lorient , while the demonstrations were to Concarneau or St Brieuc .
The director of the company was a man from Romania , who Iván Kubatov would also have sent documents society , between 2002 and 2005 .
Criminals have painted on several graves , such as the Jewish symbols Etoile of David ; the detectives believe , however , that it could have been done to disguise the feeling of hatred of extremists to the Muslim immigrants .
The Spanish bank Santander said yesterday that it would buy the branches and the customers of the British bank accounts .
Indeed , the Prime Minister , who said in April that there would be no election in 2008 and probably not in 2009 , has not ruled out the possibility of a ballot this autumn , what the law allows him .
People are less and less attention to the operational system but increasingly the Internet browser .
It would have taken note of the extent of deception only after the divorce .
" All the work is done .
Behind him , during his speech was thrown a kind of mills in pictures .
And that is why his application has been received in strategic places .
The site of the newspaper L ' Equipe reported the news .
On the other hand , a wave of reputation for the existing leaderships economic species that have proven to be inadequate and full of grey area .
The Sudeten called for a referendum in the US
From January to March , prices rose in 41 of 48 European cities examined still 6.9 percent , on average , compared with 2007 in 41 of 48 European cities examined .
Mr Randle affronta the father of her daughter , who had also written a letter to confession that not as well : " I consider the bandais and regularly " .
In Rome , Alemanno gave the order to make the Commission for the future of the capital leave .
While virtually all mobile can read MP3 files , no MP3 player can make phone calls .
The same applies to music for travelling , which is normally compressed , in short – MP3 music .
It is " irritating " to see that the institutions that have had a prudent behavior during the resumption of the housing market , must now pay for the institutions much less cautious .
Tourists kidnapped in Egypt are free
Italian , " whose dynamic salariales- explains the ministre- these last 8-10 years have doubled compared to the private sector , and well above the rate of inflation .
New York has hundreds of Avenues , boulevards , streets and other parallel roads , some famous , others merely functional .
But there nevertheless new negotiations on the reunification of the Deka-Bank with the Länder banks .
When the agreement was announced , a true not revolutionary .
Its cargo , more than two tonnes of hashish , the reason for which they were arrested .
For the moment , we have four systems of this kind in phases of the project , in preparation of a single federal approval and part of the energy could be used for a military installation .
No final decision has been taken on these stop , continuing the it said .
Unlike any existing system , the avoidance maneuver works in an entirely instinctive manner .
Included in the program of the Month of the photograph of Flanders , the exhibition " reflects the international importance of flamenco , more every day , " explains the creator , who clarifies that " Flamenco - people ' " can be anyone but , having seen the pictures , the observer realises that they are not typical images of artists on stage .
Newman , rather than sitting on his myth , was committed to the end .
The police examines the weapon and the circumstances of its use with the help of experts .
How does the ' new ' anthem sound ?
It is precisely the entry of a virtual operators on the mobile market that has led to a considerable reduction in prices , which subsequently led to similar reactions from the traditional operators .
Attacks on Obama are rising while the date of the elections approach .
The spokesman for T-Mobile Martina Kemrová says in a rare agreement with the declaration of O2 : " We have not seen until now a project that is both viable and bilaterally advantageous , which could serve as a basis . "
" Because it fascinates me , "
For the Helaba , this is not particularly good news .
According to her the final vote could be made by Sunday .
The BBC correspondent Frank Gardner said that this episode had many people from Whitehall .
Read in detail the investigation , we see that in Milan , for a bed in the area Brianza , it is approximately EUR 450 ; for a simple , we are going to 650 least EUR Gaza Strip ( area Nere ) , an average of 800 ( area , Udine Lambiate , and fiera ) to a maximum of EUR 900 ( area Vittoria )
A virtual operator will win the Czech Republic this year .
The OSCE , having sent 450 observers from 43 countries , does not recognise the elections .
His spokesman Tony Fratto said that Mr Bush was pleased the progress made on Saturday and appreciated " the bipartisan effort to stabilize our financial markets and protect our economy " .
In this way , the organizing committee , in accordance with Fermín Bohórquez , Pablo Hermoso of Mendoza and Leonard Hernández , has decided to suspend the celebration of the bulls race .
A dancer sévillane will pay tribute to a dancer also sévillane .
In the online magazine " Edge " , contributions by famous scientists are being published for several years .
And in addition , there are the currents and tides .
When we will no longer be the most expensive country
The host of the Festival , Felix Romeo , was confronted by public fascinated who has not seen the last time during which the Peruvian , with a staggering memory and with a great deal of humour , has described the birth of his literary vocation , which is due to " its thirst to read " and " to live new experiences " ; how he wrote a " very methodical " thanks to the hard work of documentation , correcting and in redrafting part of the text to face a " lack of inspiration " ; how Faulkner , Victor Hugo and Alexandre Dumas have influenced his vocation and how his memories inspire his novels .
That is how it necessarily plays a dominant role in a certain segment of the business .
The Czech national anthem will celebrate , next year , its 175th anniversary .
" I wanted to the back because I think it is these women who have an enormous influence in their time and now no one knows and highlights his work , " says Bayón .
A repeat of this combination is out of the question .
If someone believes that it is not possible to achieve peace in places such as work or through personal relations , this manual demands such a belief .
This week was discussed in more than a change of strategy for Microsoft .
The only one who relies on a travesty of justice to assess the guilt of the accused .
Worse for El text , which entered the arenas of Los Llanos without penalty or glory .
The Dow Jones index lost nearly seven percent , following a fall unseen since 1987 .
" The entry of a virtual operator on the mobile market would be possible following the conclusion of an agreement between a mobile operator and the virtual operator in question about renting the necessary infrastructure .
Already the way to go to school I was afraid .
For example , the bees .
Run ! ' S run and reserve the seats at the bottom of the attempts .
MP3 player finger , they put at risk the hearing .
Not before throwing the cashier , or to withdraw of the species or make a payment , but before the counter of customer service , where the usual customers where their checkbooks , tourists were the direction for the shop Macy , and the new customers were of Auditors .
But I do not know how to prove it .
Often mentioned in the words of Prime Minister recently , the opening of the north - the northern the 49th parallel - had never been the subject of a presentation .
Unlike the opposition politician , the Russian observers have described the democratic elections .
In practise Sixth Street put under constant analysis an assessment of capacity of students and an exemplary attitude .
The Rock star Meat loaf , will be honoured at Q Awards for his epic song Bat Out of hell .
Thanks to this , they have sought to calm angry members of the group on the basis that one day after the Bavarian " tsunami " they have demanded personal consequences for the loss of an absolute majority .
Eatonville is classified historic city since 1998 .
The money comes as many private banks that banks .
But is it that the waistline brain is at the root of the sensations ?
Five years ago , it is true , even under the direction of Edmund Stoiber , at the peak of his career - the socio-Christian union had 60.7 % , while today , a year after the coup against Stoiber , there have only 43.4 percent of their strength .
" It remains us here , but I foresee be , " he entrusted to its militants , bringing home of loud applause .
However , I do not think so .
The interior minister wants the driver who had more than three administrative penalties for alcohol , has to install in his vehicle a system which prevents to start the vehicle drunken driving , or if he does not .
No title could bring back profits .
Sylvana already know that word with Mangas - in his new Log exchanges , it speaks of Japan .
Transactions with the actions CˇEZ rose almost half the usual daily exchanges .
" She had the air disoriented , " that is why the agents have led to the center for drugs and alcohol to achieve a test .
" He has tried to do too much in the first period , noted Guy Carbonneau .
The price of the production of paper , print and publishing have not changed .
The investigation reveals that the ' issuers ' have also made mistakes by mentioning the transport of goods by road as delivery , a right that the company which actually makes thr bills could not exercise , given that its profile was the council in investment .
Other sources say that the refinancing would be provided through the funds until the end of 2009 .
Generosity , love of life are vibrants features of the actor disappeared .
Despite all their efforts , it is still not sure that their plan will get the green light .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
The pressure spins a turbine which in turn , feeds a generator .
" The overall financial disaster , we must the US president , " is the daily lives of Rome , La Repubblica . " The president has not even been able to block with his own party behind a bill , improvised in a hurry , to help a desperate situation ... "
But it emerged then , that the prosecutors dismissed were not more criticised than their colleagues , which incited some observers to attribute their dismissal to political reasons .
According to the results , believers Catholics have been able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
The biggest losers till date , before Dow Jones , were American Express which lost nearly 14 percent and Bank of America with a loss of about 12 percent .
His Rachel , Rachel , in 1968 ( based on the novel by the Canadian Margaret Laurence ) , with his wife Joanne Woodward in the leading role , depicts a female portrait of melancholy .
It provides for : Better control by the elected representatives of its implementation , new mechanisms to ensure the reimbursement of public money , new provisions to contain the number of houses seized in default , and a right to scrutinise the salaries paid to executives of companies rescued .
The new plan provides for the payment of a first tranche of 250 billion to which will add another 100 billion if President the judge necessary .
Despite all their efforts , it is still not sure that their plan will the green light .
The song of nine minutes 50 seconds , was the title of the hit from the album of Meat loaf of 1977 .
In my view , similar are not enough to prove the experienced the same .
It is quite often , especially among children and adolescents .
Shortages are very rare .
It represents both a historical model of a takeover of blacks and a community of nearly 2,400 people where the poverty rate is twice the national average .
Moreover , there is another question to the ÚOHS .
With a goal and simple methods , SV Hamburg reaches top of the league table .
In the world , the stock markets fell to his knees .
The lists of price of these firms tend to get elected .
" But above all , a greater sense of responsibility of employers towards a phenomenon which represents a social emergency . "
One aspect is that the circuits associated with almost all human consciousness include the Perifrontal Lateral Coretx ( from the fact of its participation in short-term memory and functions of direction and execution ) .
Try not to arouse the child before to go to sleep .
The number of stadiums for the European Championship could possibly be reduced from eight to six .
Josef Pokorny ´ , the director of the Department of the movement of road vehicles , believes that the law is sufficiently the problem .
, the liberal government , in coming to power in 2003 , has refused to implement it .
For them , sugar is represented by , for example , the time they save when they skip a red light .
If it is impossible to study and to discuss issues that displeases the rich companies of the world in a country such as Canada , on threat of repeated charges , where can one do so ?
What could be really interesting is that the accused , János Zuschlag itself , decides to lift the veil on history .
A forecast that unleashed a lot of controversy , and who was a danger to the economist for years , but now has proved correct .
Brunetta : " As of today , breakfast before the work " .
Moreover , the program differs from the original proposal made by the Bush administration , which stated that the $ 700 billion should be spent at one go , to buy securities on questionable credit .
But the Mexican press knows who are the Princes of Asturias and knows the importance of the journey .
Elena first claps Luca , then embraces him .
As the network has not changed much over the course of human evolution , it could by all means participate in horizontal sensations of all kinds .
According to the dancer , " we are not trying to recount her life but to transmit her way of thinking .
The one who will take the place of George W will have a great work to do .
This can be explained by the fact that Google , unlike Microsoft , does not ask its users for identification code , or asking for money for its applications . The documentary code and the package of program , continually updated , has a much more accessible , younger and cooler feel to it , in comparison with the practices of the official software giant .
Stars in the starry sky of Paris .
Taxis and even some veterans and local residents of long standing cannot give advice to extra Place , because they have never heard .
The new Czech anthem four new versions .
The development of the North would be in line with the principles of sustainable development .
The two right-wing parties that have raflé almost 30 percent of the votes , the Freedom Party and the Alliance for the Future of Austria , led a campaign against immigration . Some of their slogans were even considered , according to the criticism , as xenophobic .
Monica Cruz is petite but full of vitality .
Following the experience , we cannot shake off the impression that the confusion in competences leads to profitable situations for them .
If the adrenalin does not put in your to restore the balance of your body and if the stress has become a problem , it is time to sit in the sofa , from its spirit and focus on the reading .
" We are discussing the expansion of this project towards success , but in the Czech Republic the negotiations are not very promising .
But how can we ensure that it has the same thing when it behaves in the same way that we ?
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices have ranged between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Oil prices fell sharply on Monday , because people fear that the rescue plan for the financial markets , will be able to revive the economy .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
What is it that it means ?
As regards MP3 plays , with the exception of the iPod , you don ' t need any software .
To capture moments of personality of these artists we should not photograph them on stage .
The intelligent car theft of bourdon emulating
Petr Koblic , the director of the stock market in Prague , said last week that among those involved , the stock exchange of Warsaw would be the new owner the less good , and has not ruled out the fact that this could lead to the disappearance of the stock market in Prague in the future .
They are often linked to other changes in sleep such as nightmares , terrors of the night , bed-wetting or sleepwalking , but this is not always the case .
The profession has not always been kind to the beautiful Paul Newman to which the roles fell just cooked long in the tooth .
There is no single , which determines its appearance
Expansive this wave of admiration balayait Hollywood without either the nationalities or passports .
The development of Orlando has already prompted Interstate 4 up to the west of the city .
The Nasdaq stock market index of technology was 1548 points with a fall of more than seven points .
According to Bush , the project should solve the main causes of the financial crisis and to help stabilize the economy as a whole .
Microsoft is right , its operational system is losing importance but also its software .
" Everything has been done to shelter the real economy and the ordinary Americans suffering from the ongoing crisis on Wall Street , " said the democrat .
At 35 years , Gebrselassie won the 26th world record of his successful career in which he has won the World Cup or the world record for any distance between 1600m and the marathon .
Which explains why the residents are both proud and protective .
They go at night , remain the day of the festival at 10.30 p.m. , and fall .
The big words were not lacking in the letter from the chairing committee of WestLB to employees of the house .
Through the programme Personalized Search launched two years ago , users can , for example , store their own history of research and can see what they have sought , what they have cliqué . Thanks to this , in the long term , recommendations , based on the same logic , will be able to give answers much more personalised , and we will submit products and services on the basis of our previous statements and preferences registered .
She would know of the extent of deception only after the divorce .
Since its creation , on 28 September 1998 , Héma-Quebec has applied the precautionary principle .
There are even people who swear : if Obama wins , we leave the United States .
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen .
In exchange , it is recovering a right to vote in the bank and influence .
" A woman even died . "
It is enough to fill the device directly from the computer , through the USB connector .
The office workers continue to queue to buy their morning sandwich from mobile stalls , and it is impossible to find a taxi between 16h and 19h during the week .
However , it is quite unlikely that an echo of such activity would not reach the managers of the mobile operators .
And so increases still more the conviction of the various classes , before the actions are the same ideas of social elites until now at their peak , their way to listen and to be , their culture in the complex acceptance of the term , to have the same time , and to be always more foreign to the views of the majorities .
In 2010 , it will pay the interests of the whole year , which could also double .
The police munichoise is reinforced by seven policemen of the South Tyrol Transit Forum , by of the rescue services Italian volunteers who support the Bavarian Red Cross making a statistic on the countries where the Italian occupy the first place before the British intervention ( 60 ) and the Austrian ( approximately 80 ) with nearly 200 medical interventions .
Cooperation between several people is something that has been improvements in the various applications : In the Road calculation , various users can intervene , avoiding conflicts on the changes in the drafting of texts , because every employee is a colour of comments for greater recognition in the process of revision .
Nothing however came out of this ternary display .
one must be ready for the return .
Action road safety the most expensive in history .
What method would be better to develop technologies able to avoid an obstacle , if not imitation of an existing obstacles in nature ?
IMMIGRES : New YORK Times SE request SI Italy TSEs racist ?
It begins with an instrumental section that lasts almost two minutes .
According to Merkel , concealing difficult to his disappointment caused by the fiasco , the loss of ground of the CSU does not influence of the grand coalition of Berlin .
Then , when I became a dancer , I started to take care of my dressing .
The pace was not very sustained during an encounter where the attackers found it difficult to do anything .
We can , of course , record music directly onto the memory card , but few card readers know how to deal with them , given the tiny dimensions of memory cards used in mobile .
According to the information of MTI , the young man was premeditated her crime . The weapon with which he was going to commit their crimes hidden on the scene of the crime .
The main cause is that according to estimates , only one in ten patients receives medical treatment .
Conseillera , how you choose
A future , says that the mayor of Rome , " will not be limited to the usual local border , but which will further " not only in the context of the future metropolitan city and its legal status of Capital , but also in relation to the role that Rome can and should be , as Capital of Europe and the Mediterranean ' .
In the recent past , 15 of these banks have failed .
The septuagénaire McCain has repeatedly put forward its indisputable experience in foreign policy , while emphasising the " naive " of his opponent on these issues that were at the heart of this first contest .
The spending of the second half of the $ 700 billion depends on a new decree of Congress .
When a rat is a danger , it does the same as many other animals : plays dead , flees or attacks .
Unfortunately , the Czech regulators deal with this issue in the way of a hot potato disposed of in the passing of a target .
Anyway , despite all these arguments , the winning card for the democrats is George Bush .
Martina Kemrová said about this : " Competition on the mobile market was , moreover , recently increased by market entry of a fourth mobile operator .
Said the chairman of the committee of the banking and financial regulation of the House on Sunday to Reuters Barney Frank .
What is more , the irregularities occur at the level of speed .
The operational system will always be necessary because it is essential for the hardware and software to understand .
Following a work of almost a year ago , carried out by volunteer developers , monitored by Sun Microsystem , the new package Open Office is now available to the public with various innovations : the welcome screen , and the interface have been reviewed and are less dry . There are also other more important innovations , such as the compatibility with Apple Mac os X operating system , and support for the new format ODF ( Open document format ) 1.2 , the latest version of the ISO standard .
Eric Smith made another pass and intercepted him .
Whose orders seem to have been similar : And that it is with this second goal !
According to the vision of the newspaper El Mundo , it is the failings of the political direction of there who led the global economy to the brink of collapse .
Thirdly : ' This evening , be back here at half past ten sharp ! Is that understood ? !
You will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , it is not aware to hold his thinking .
Illhaeusern has finally found the road to victory on home territory after a long period of famine .
Also associated with the negotiations , the two candidates in the US presidential election were in favour of the understanding ; however , they did not fail to express their dissatisfaction with things having had to get this far in the first place .
The report was critical of officers of the White House , legislators and former Prosecutor General , Alberto Gonzales .
The sun was on the eve of their but its shelves obligeaient yet to put out by way of visière to see the royal couple get off the plane .
Moreover , there is another question to the ÚOHS .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
Because I have also a weakness for traditions , customs and habits .
It is sure that there are more than one who speaks during the night .
And noisy , explains Marco Guarda , it is not for the Italian .
In Bologna , where students are concentrated in areas close to the University , it costs 250 / 280 euros for a bed in a double room , and 370 to 500 for a simple room .
Saturday the rain prevented the celebration of the second scheduled bulls race .
More than four hundred people made use of the service during the morning .
Is the Virgin Mary for a better result in better results ?
According to the Russian observers , this is due to a country ruled by Alexander Lukashenko , which ensures prosperity and stability , while according to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , this is because illegalities are made in the counting of votes .
His fellow Democrat Ohio , Mary Kaptur believe that these are the same people who are taking action , that those responsible for the collapse of Wall Street .
But the committee would prefer that the street rest in the hands of the city , and asked to submit a new proposal next month , said Susan Stetzer , the local manager of the Committee No 3 .
Do not say that .
In the whole of the processing industry , prices have risen by 10.2 percent during the past year .
I conclude that an emotional system such as the fear is activated in a brain aware of its own activity .
This boxeur Rocky Graziano , offender , tormented , violent , unforgettable in Somebody Up there Likes Dr ( marked by hatred ) , Robert Wise , a role for James Dean , resumed after his death , which launched really Newman in 1956 .
Of graffiti on the walls , a bottle of beer of 22 onces vacuum , is based on side of newspapers that have just been thrown .
Blood mixed are often children beautiful .
The high-end mobile also allow , for example , the purchase online music .
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ , the spokesman for Vodafone , has his doubts : " The Czech market is relatively small for a segmentary approach , which is the basis for most virtual operators .
The song is performed by Katerˇina Kneˇzˇínková and Adam Plachetka .
They desperately need this , and I show you an example .
New cases of positive drug tests at the last Tour de France : this time it is the Austrian team Gerolsteiner ' s , Bernhard Kohl , who qualified third , and was the winner of the jersey for the best climber .
Paul Newman the magnificent
Passengers can receive their coffee and their newspaper to boarding .
No one with operator , however , is against such a procedure .
Today we are starting , in March we end , in June we will make the sums .
Prices are not the lowest .
The reason may be that the geeks see exactly the problematic relationship between the rights of the individual and Internet , and what the Web 2.0 , the key word as proclaimed in recent years , derives precisely behind him .
Since the disease can be detected by a routine examination in the laboratory , it is advisable to consult your doctor as soon as you observe unknown symptoms .
The SPÖ wants to show that the cooperation of both parties is indeed possible - that is what already exists in certain regions and in the Socialist partnership .
For many , the main advantage of mobile music is their prices .
Paul Newman the magnificent
Sudanese soldiers had killed six of the kidnappers this Sunday in the border area between Sudan , Chad and Egypt , and had arrested two of them .
Krugman is one of the biggest critics of the economy and foreign policy of the Bush administration .
The company has analysed data reservations the first half of 2008 and has established , after a price increase in the first quarter , a sharp fall in profits in the second quarter .
Shortly after , the witness , who initially had not recognised the actress has given that Locklear has been arrested in the middle of the motorway and is out of his vehicle .
In fact , it is not so much interested by the bus itself , but rather by the points system , the maximum speed on the motorway and the use of mobile phones while driving , " said the expert Horˇín .
But that would require also some efforts from Damascus .
But that is precisely what should seem strange to the CˇTÚ .
Moreover , it is these bills that have been found in the raid on the office of Árpád Kemecsei , the Ministry of Education .
There is even people who swear : If Obama wins , we leave the United States .
But the court was told that Ms Randle , assiduous volunteer of National Trust , was haunted abuses that it had been inflicted twice a week .
But we must not give up so easily .
Almost two Republicans on three rejected his plan .
This 1 : 0 scoreline ( 1 : 0 at half-time ) , Hamburg owed to a successful strike off the head by Mladen Petric ( in the 11th minute ) ; and the fact that the weak Gladbach players weren ' t able to do any harm to the weak Hamburg players .
No , sir I am Spanish but I have lived here two years .
Demonstrations by the dissenting young on Sunday evening in the main square in the capital of Belarus to reject the legislative results in advance .
'Four hundred prominent professors economy , including three Nobel Prize , we have written to tell us : We request to Congress not to press and carefully examine the way to take , " he said yesterday .
In New York , Wall Street opened with marked losses .
The youth have recognised the fact that they are accused . For the moment , they are accused of complicity .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague regained its losses .
On the road , someone firm hats yellow the trees to return to the path , the signs and even an election poster of a large Bavarian People ' s Party .
The global financial crisis has a significant impact on the markets of actions that are falling .
At that time it was in Europe to the outbreak many cases of the human form of mad cow disease , a new variant of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , tells the one that takes the strong since its founding in 1998 .
Only a few days ago , the big investor Warren Buffett was involved in society .
The cinema of the 1950s and 1960s fascinates us and much of our work is inspired by it .
But I think he appreciated the end of the match .
In this way , the ODSZ has abandoned its is boycotting originally planned .
'I want to become a young mother ; the candidate I am not worried "
In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index-has gone awry 2.1 percent to 18.286,90 points .
And do not forget the deposit .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
The political analyst David Gergen believe that the provision of John McCain , although honourable , has not been sufficiently " brilliant " to allow it to halt the decline in the polls to five weeks of the presidential elections .
Negotiations for the ransom are already underway .
" Sometimes what one feels goes beyond any expression , and now I have lost a great friend , " began crying Robert Redford , " my life and my country were better thanks to its existence .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
Andik , the owner of Mango , a galant man , and the Baron of Rotchil finished the evening without their jackets because they had lent them to two women .
He did not failed to describe the economic ideas of McCain as outdated .
The first time this has happened that may surprise you , but in reality it does not matter .
To produce energy on a large scale , however , we must use technology with a higher environmental impact .
Such a bold drum in life as in literature , Hurston led readers the shop of ownership of the first mayor of Eatonville , Mr Joe Clarke , who was then divided into several private parties .
We do not have to go look too far to find examples .
The same man who fought for civil rights was also the racer who finished second at the Mans 24 hours in 1979 , doubled of a sex symbol , albeit part of a model couple formed in 1958 with the actress Joanne Woodward .
The market for student accomodation does not know of crisis
The proposal of this potential acquisition was made public in the meeting of this month .
Night would involve unnecessary costs , explains Marco .
The global financial crisis has a significant impact on the falling stock markets .
The documents that he has lost contained assessments on Al-Qaeda and the resources of the security forces in Iraq .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred the gates of the community .
No operator , however , is against such a procedure .
The office of the minister Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek thinks it will discourage drivers from dangerous driving .
But the buteur Illhousiens will not be able to enjoy his happiness long and will be forced to return to the changing rooms a dozen minutes later and leaving its coéquipiers in digital inferiority .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
And if we start to list all his appearances , it could also mention the strapping moustachu who raised the weight in a travelling circus .
It is better for example , they will still need forces .
Financial the state was , according to a newspaper article , refinanced in the very short term for projects in the long term for which he had borrowed money - which is no longer possible for the fact of distrust of the markets .
It is exclusively to the Office for the protection of economic competition ( ÚOHS ) .
At the end of April , the City Council of Gioia Tauro was dissolved ; already in 1991 , and always because of alleged packs between organised crime and local government , local politicians had been released from their function to administer the City .
He added - " we must make a further effort on the communication and awareness of public opinion .
It was a blow for everyone .
Last week a delay happened in the release of the new version of Windows Mobile 7 .
McCain , he wanted to build a fleet of 45 nuclear power plants by 2030 .
A cafard fled before the danger , but if it feels of fear ?
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will rise in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
According to the indictment , a large part of the bills were false .
BSkyB has bought its share in 2006 following an agreement to prevent NTL , now called Virgin Media , buys ITV .
You are what you divulgues subject to tone
The film maker of " Volver empezar " has influenced on its usual way to work on the staging of the players , with which he used to repeat before starting the film and that there is no role , since it seems " humiliating " and considers that " the role of the filmmaker is to go to the cinema , theatre and to be informed " .
The figures provided by Anec , the association main traders , want to say : The last five years , 316 cinemas traditional to have closed , and it is the rooms of the main cities that have especially paid the price : 10 less in Florence , 9 in Milan , Naples , Bologna and Rome , 6 and less in Turin , 5 in Palermo .
The right-wing camp is intact , only party that voters have become more aware , more critical and more stubborn .
In the Swedish town , hotel prices have increased by 26.3 percent , the highest in Europe .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Across the world , every year , a million people die of the most serious form of the disease , such as cancer or cirrhosis of liver caused by hepatitis B .
It is between different a letter preserved in a private archive , who is now lodged in the collections of the Jihocˇeská veˇdecká knihovna .
" It is a traditional position that all governments have reiterated .
In the online magazine ' Edge , " contributions are published for several years by famous scientists .
The 10-year interest of the Treasury fell to 3,632 % , against 3,827 % on Friday evening , and for 30 years to 4,161 % , against 4,357 % the previous day .
And only the party took place Friday
On what is based your new collection created for Mango for the fourth season ?
They go at night , remain the whole day at the festival and return at 10.30 p.m .
Microsoft is seeking a receptionist ( virtual )
But it is a shame to be wearing them just as underwear .
The architects of the plan would like to see it put to the vote in the House of Representatives today , and in the Senate on Wednesday .
The other RECHERCHE- The University of California , Berkeley , and it also , in the search for a new removed .
But it is said , keep your eyes wide open : and it is not without reason .
Researchers at the root of this experience hoped that the sight of the Virgin Mary refers to a kind of state of faith among the believers , while the choice of the painting of Da Vinci , not very different from the first , was on his calming effect .
The US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
In this case , it is still of someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
Then he found a kyste in the vocal cords .
Other applications could affect aerospace engineering .
The reasons for this fall in prices would be a slowing economic growth , explains the firm .
The authorities Thaï the bloquèrent the passport control , and in the end , it out Hong Kong .
And the inhabitants of the territory , the First United and the Inuits ?
One has the impression that the traditional elites , their parties , their programs , but also their observance , their newspapers , their accredited intellectuals , their format , one would say , which is not new , one would have more difficulty to understand and therefore to represent the deep layers of Western societies , and that the economic crisis strengthens , increases and agitates in way which is potentially too much .
It is now become a city of pilgrimage
Monica Cruz is small but full of vitality .
Krugman is one of the largest criticism solutions in economy and foreign policy of the Bush administration .
The Hang Seng index in Hong Kong stock exchange lost four percent during the exchange , but later , he effaça part of losses and reduced the drop in nearly 2.5 percent .
It is not so important if the plan will be adopted now , or early next week , according to Marek
So , in just 100 words , Hurston associates Eatonville to self government but also to illiteracy , remariage , and sex .
It is astonishing that in recent weeks , this is precisely the classic groups of citizens who are rather far away from CSU , such as the self-employed , artisans , holders of the box and graduates of studies higher .
I am curious to know if I could see also here .
But I do not know how the show .
After spending during the last eight seasons , more time than anyone in uniform of the jets Shaun Ellis , the defender was thought to have all seen .
The leader of the Hungarian diplomacy is in negotiations from today in Washington .
The other sectors of the processing industry have increased between 0.2 percent and 0.9 percent .
Járóka said : We need to break the vicious cycle of poverty and segregation
The necessary tools to the opening of the mobile market virtual operators are probably even the telecommunications regulator , " said in its statement Chaloupa .
The experts say that it is a technology still in its infancy , from the fact that marine energy does not dispel fears about its environmental impact .
For example , there is Avalon Bay , the builder of recent luxury buildings on First Street .
Historical cinemas are closing in favour of Multiplexes .
Waiting lasted more than 35 minutes , it is incomprehensible since 11 000 people are expected to these races .
Another English , Oscar winner Sam Mendes , said that working with Newman was the high point of his career .
The actions of the Bank Goldman Sachs accusèrent a drop of almost 10 % .
But the coach can have an accident or slow down a steep , also at a time when the steward serves coffee or distributes the newspapers .
From April to June , prices were already 3.6 percent lower than in the previous year .
If not , you can use the integrated bodies that have virtually all mobile , but a minimum of MP3 players .
All depends on it , " he says .
" It works , " she observed , " it worked for us "
The perception of the obstacle takes place in a split second , and then the mini self robot , imitating the movement of bees , immediate changes the direction of its wheels sufficiently to avoid a collision .
According to Democrat Senator Harry Reid , legislators are working so that Congress will arrive at a final agreement by Sunday .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family who will at best " .
During the break , they then all out their Bento .
Many residents were fascinated , Mr Franklin told , while many are moquaient of it .
The pace was not very supported during this meeting where the attackers were difficult to speak .
Concerns for the Afghan antipolio campaign .
It is a shame that , having and moral , the government does not respect the existing laws .
In Germany , prices have been falling even more than in other European countries .
Yes , there are solutions .
In terms of points , the biggest drop in its history ( 684,81 points ) had previously been recorded on 17 September 2001 , the day of the resumption of trade after the terrorist attacks of 11 September .
They have a personality and a unique character .
He complained of scandal when the Prefecture ordered the dissolution of the City Council .
The TAN have allowed to shorten the dormant period , which stretches between the time when the person has been infected and when the first virus can be found in blood by our technique , explains the specialist .
Five paragraphs in the guide to the Florida transformèrent this city , located just outside of Route 17 , a road that runs through the centre of Florida , often forgotten , which in black and chapter in the history of the human drama .
The festival of banderilles which concludes with the bulls racing at the fair of Pozoblanco has been suspended yesterday morning , after the horse keepers have established that the ring was unusable .
And accentuating more sense of urgency , " every day that goes by the fall of a financial institution " in the US , said Mrs Piegza .
Behind him , during his speech , was projected a kind of windmill of images .
The general coordinator and Member of the United Left , Gaspar Llamazares , said today that it is the regional federation to take a decision on the case of the former advisor of Youth and Sport of the City of Seville , Francisco Manuel Silva , who resigned last week after being accused of treatment with his family .
Among the rain of tributes which fell yesterday on Newman , a great friend and former colleague Robert Redford ( they had acted together in The Sting and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ) said , very saddened : " His presence has made my life and this country better . "
Every day , Italy , there are 2500 accidents at work , 3 killed and 27 people who are disabled permanently .
The life of this woman which has made an impression on the history of dance in Europe in the period between wars , fascinated Isabelle Bayón .
In the first half of 2008 , flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .
Sheikh Hasina should return after 17 October , said a former leader of the Awami Party .
This month , at a meeting of the committees of owners of neighbourhood , representatives of city agency and Avalon Bay have outlined a proposal to allow the manufacturer estate to buy the street .
The payment of 350 other billion should be ratified by another vote in Congress .
Last spring , Mikitenko aged 36 years , surprised everyone by winning the London Marathon in 2 : 24 : 14 .
" Say what you want , we will see ourselves to the cross , on Obama or McCain .
The public expects , without really is in hiding , when Google will reveal its true nature .
The programme will be overseen by an independent body , in which the chairman of the Federal Reserve will take part .
The futures of crude oil , fell by 7 percent to $ 99.80 a barrel . The New York Mercantile Exchange , in sales of this morning .
If a rat or a cockroach flees from danger , does that mean that it also feels fear ?
If he had done , " it would be more advanced today " commented on Mrs Marois alongside its candidate in Jean-Achilles ( vote today ) , Françoise mercury .
It should buy , with the financial companies , the housing unsaleable which lead to financial firms in huge losses and threaten the stability of the entire system .
" Today , the city has five , but by the end of the year , there should be four-20 , " he Opatrny ´ .
The crisis of 2008 for these journalists is a crisis of a destroyed economic model .
Ping pong player bitter and retaliatory in the magnificent The Hustler of Robert Rossen ( 1961 ) , it will resume the man on the return in The Color of Money of Martin Scorsese , which won him in 1987 her only Oscar on nine nominations .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
We think she committed suicide by suffocation with a plastic bag .
While Hong Kong is part of China , it establishes its monetary policy itself , that is , regardless of the Chinese central bank .
Bad weather spoils the fair at Pozoblanco
Price reductions have taken place in the sectors of production of textiles and textile products ( 2.5 percent ) , as well as in the manufacture of machinery and electrical appliances ( 0.3 percent ) .
More than 90 graves were severely damaged the graveyard of Traun , near Linz , between the night on Friday morning , according to the police , a campaign .
At the time , the department said that prosecutors were dismissed because of poor performance .
You do not consider - you pay for .
Of subtle degrees of felt , associated with our nature volubile , emerge , because we can , with the help of words and grammar , differentiation and categorising of the Member for the blame to others .
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
The unforgettable interpreter of " Butch Cassidy and the Kid " died as a result of cancer at the age of 83 years , in his house of Connecticut .
" An affront to the prescriptive legal and moral , and especially in the right direction " write prosecutors , the two local authorities had expressed a willingness to pay consultations to Maître Piromalli .
Other European stock markets also have all gone the same way : In London , the FTSE 100 index has seen a decline of 3.2 percent for the moment , the CAC 40 in Paris has lost 2.9 percent .
" We can no longer time to lose .
All are able to read MP3 and the vast majority of music that you will own will precisely be in this format .
It was a victory for a country that has had trouble to cope with a suicidal food culture .
However , the law will still undergo many changes .
We don ' t need to remember a capacity of gigabits , or even of mega-extend .
The House of Representatives should be able to proceed with the vote of the law on Sunday , and the Senate on Monday , " the Republican Senator Judd Gregg hinted .
. No signs indicate the street .
It ' s just that , Naomi Campbell called me , – I have known her for some time , – to invite me to participate in London at a parade for charity in favour of support for women and the clothing that we exhibited - I exhibited two clothes of our collection created for Mango - were sold at an auction to collect money for Naomi ' s NGO .
Austrian the famous journalist Gustav Chalupa , born in ' Cˇeské Budeˇjovice , confirms .
To imitate the functions of the eye , engineers have put forth the idea of a laser rangefinder .
The Crown Prosecution Service has suggested that the ministerial officer be placed under the surveillance of the Metropolitan Police , given the sensitive nature of his work related to the Committee associated with the secret services .
It is also the point at issue in the letter of the Committee executive board in place : In any case , would be covered a global solution for the establishment .
Not before , otherwise it blocks , and not all the yellow caps on the same benches , we must distribute them in the Chamber ! '
" The first day of courses in Japan .
The times jostling through its path .
Heinz-Christian Strache , which has abandoned the right of the Austrian Freedom Party , and Filip Dewinter of the Belgian right Vlaams Belang , take part in a demonstration to present the organisation ' cities against the Islamisation " in Antwerp , on Thursday 17 January 2008 .
Of course , Fodor was not the case .
The cause of this exclusion is that the stock exchange of Warsaw is owned by the state .
" It is a bad sign for the market , which sees the Congress unable to adopt a plan , " said Lindsey Piegza , FTN Financial .
" I am surprised and even a little shocked the speed with which the memory of scandals such as the collapse of Enron and WorldCom , have disappeared from public attention " said Krugman at the end of 2002 .
This wave of admiration swept Hollywood without care for either nationalities or passports .
Has television , President Lukashenko and the members of the central electoral commission welcome their success .
Before off for the US , Nicolas Sarkozy will take a detour by the Kingdom .
A group of other issuers of bills is composed of those who were well aware that they were asked to pass bills .
Besides the primary functions of making telephone calls and sending SMS , it is able to read music and films , to record them , to take pictures with a camera of varying quality , and even to serve as a navigation guide .
But this time , Elena accompanied it as a sweetheart , and therefore there is nothing like this , he says .
But it is difficult to convince people to give their blood , but above all to retain and encourage them to become regular donors .
1001 , the number antistress
" However , it has not led to any conclusion on this point .
Among the groups of internal trade and according to the allocation of sectors , in August , the initiatoring sectors of profit on investment showed the most significant rise of monthly price ( 0.7 percent ) .
Superglue to walk on the walls .
Since I am very small clothes plaisaient me ; I désirai go to my grandmother to look in the filing of my aunt , and to see his clothes .
At the trial against him , last week it had secured the release domiciliaire transformed into a house with Grottaferrata .
" We are pleased with the progress achieved this night , and we greatly appreciate the efforts of both parties to stabilize our financial markets and to protect our economy , " said Tony Fratto , the spokesman for the White House .
The first news of the failure of the rescue plan has seen Dow Jones temporarily loose 700 points .
A great tragedy occurs
The change of strategy is welcome .
This malfrat appealing in the scam brillantissime The Sting ( L ) , Oscar for best film in 1973 .
It would be absurd to buy an expensive and high-end gramophone for the house to play the new album of Maxim Turbulenc .
The american of Dow Jones collapses despite the rescue of the financial market planned by the state .
So far , Embraer has delivered 41 aircrafts to its Chinese customers in eight years .
About 30 feet wide for 120 long , it looks like a gone poussiéreuse rather than a busy active .
Rats also have sensations
Saturday night in Minnesota , the Thunder has filled a deficit of 3-1 in the match return to win 4-3 , but the Whitecaps have acceded to the semi-final round 5-4 in total of goals .
Of breaks will be made to Bressanone , and Holzkirchen , while many other bus with Italian registrations plates are once again a pause shortly before Munich , on the motorway 8 .
The beginning of course does not seem to be set as strict as home in Lower Saxony .
Elena , Luca and others come together , Marco makes a last speech and explains the plan of attack .
Refer Rome , gave the order to leave the Commission for the future of the capital .
The world over , stock markets fell to their knees .
But 1001 , and not one more or less .
A Committee chaired by Benedict Pelletier and Julie millstone ( Transport and natural resources ) has an important place has started work .
Because I have also a weak to the traditions , customs and habits .
To support the sector , it should be between 16 and 18 million per year .
For me , it was clear that I had to be travel a day .
A pension , based in Badacsonytomaj , did in fact have only three houses , and maximum of 10 people could spend the night there , but the bill was for one hundred and thirty customers .
This creates an immediate political problem for which the rules : That is to say as respond to the difficulties and the protests of individuals and families who is also an electorate .
" We have made great progress towards an agreement that will be effective in the markets , " said the representative of the Bush administration , Henry Paulson .
None of the Germans caught who lived in Czechoslovakia before the war , he believed that , following the Benesˇ decrees , it would be expelled from the Republic .
Some prosecutors have been accused of being close to the Republicans in Congress , while others have refused to investigate the allegations of vote fraud against the Democrats .
A UN spokesman said that happened despite the promises of the Taliban not to address nor inhibit the thousands nurses in vaccinations .
In short - victorious goal for Kovalev
Next year , there will need a visa to go to the United States ?
" I heard a woman at my local Chinese supermarket , talk on the phone of Lehman Brothers , the bank that failed , and its thin CEO Dick Fuld , with the same familiarity she may have used to criticise a colleague .
On the press , he cited another reference , conservative , the programme ' Roads to the North " John Diefenbaker , Prime Minister of 1957 to 1963 .
A cafard fled before the danger , but if it feels of fear ?
Soccer - The Impact in the semi-finals
Blood tests carried out on test tubes Kohl are part of those made in recent weeks by the Lausanne and Chatenay-Malabry .
A statement would surprise and do not on the part of representatives of the operators .
" The Supreme Court has rejected the request of Sheikh Hasina saying that she does not require bail because she had been allowed to go abroad for medical reasons , " said her lawyer Rafique-ul Huq .
In Kent Police had given the travel ban last Thursday after having demonstrated the sexes the guilt of Glitter for sexual abuse on child .
On the other hand , there is a growing pressure of competition in the " open skies " Treaty liberalising air traffic between the United States and Europe .
In the sectors of the supply of electricity , gas , steam and water , representing a significant weight in the industrial exploitation , prices have witnessed an increase of 0.3 percent in August , mainly because of the effect of rising gas prices set up by the authorities since 1 July .
In 1999 has appeared on the market a technique much more sensitive HIV testing : The acid test nucléique ( Tan ) that can detect directly in the blood donors the presence of the virus itself and not that of antibodies against the virus , which were the tests used so far .
I have called last week , and today I had doubts , but in the end it all went for the better . ' "
I believe that in the photograph the portrait is the kind of the most difficult .
In this new geopolitical context , the prime minister believes that to occupy the territory is a duty .
Mr Bush salua progress in the negotiations
In cooperation with the University of Tokyo , Nissan has built a mini car robot , a system to command self-robotisé bio-inspired , type BR23C , he has equipped qualities of bees , the ultimate goal is to encourage the development of a system able to avoid obstacles .
This mechanism must only deal with a few signals per second , and respond to them .
If we take the example of the race yesterday : We are not !
Now that the election in Parliament of the Land of Bavaria is over , a union of BayernLB with the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg could be seen very soon .
The psychological importance of the agreement , signaling the adoption of the plan , is the most important thing at the moment , " stressed Marek .
Michael Trerise , 57 years old , from Stithians , in Cornwall , has been jailed for six years after he admitted to eight counts of indecency acts .
When it comes to their interests , operators can be as . The chicane accompanying the creation of the U : Fon witness .
It is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .
Indeed , the activities of these firms their profits are non-negligible , and , at the same time , as opposed to the virtual operators real , they do not threaten them with their own marketing official .
As one of the first signs of an internal review of the party , the Vice-President and the Federal Minister of Agriculture , presented Horst Seehofer as a possible successor to Huber . He also received a place in this small group of recognition , which initiated groping discussions with the liberal of the FDP , and with the free Electeurs , trained along the values of the right , about a possible coalition of the government in Munich .
The company account complaint against the driver of the lorry .
Even if he speaks , he is sleeping and is therefore at rest .
The show begins at 8.30 p.m. at the Lope de Vega theatre
In 2010 , it will pay the interests of the whole year , which could also double .
In six months , the president Antonio Marzano and 49 other components of the Commission will put up the directives to Rome .
As he had already left before the Cˇesky ´ rozhlas ( the Czech public radio ) , he has chosen to the interpretation of solo versions of the singers with the young and representative , which are marked and appreciated .
The legislators thus refused to support President George Bush ' s call to the project .
But some fishermen in Brittany do not want to be represented by leaders of the National Committee on Fisheries , which has not supported their movement .
With a camera and a system of recognizing forms and faces , this " receptionist " can know how many people are in the place , who they are - what posts they occupy - and listen and hear the keywords of their conversations .
It is virtually impossible to find on a standard atlas .
The Impact should face the Whitecaps Friday and Sunday , but the details of the series will be confirmed today .
They say so much about it , I do know , many things are not true .
In the past , Glitter has already served a sentence of four months in the UK , for possession of images of child abuse .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
But I wonder if we are ready .
The port of recreational craft of Quiberon was also blocked , but the connections to Sleeping-island not stopped .
Hillary and Bill Clinton , Nicolas Sarkozy , George Clooney , Julia Roberts , Robert Redford and Sam Mendes saluted the legend of cinema and the actor , Paul Newman , who died at the age of 83 .
In the first half , the aircraft manufacturer 97 had delivered .
" We need to reach an agreement with the Palestinians , which means that it will be necessary to make almost all the territories ( occupied ) , if not all , " said Olmert on a daily basis .
The public is prepared to hear Barrick and to judge , but on the basis of civilised trade arguments , and not in the context of what many see as a continuation-muzzle ( pursuing the " public debate , " Barrick Gold has also submit a formal notice to the place of the authors of black Canada told to stop the use of the term ... ) .
The reaction of Dennis Quaid , 54 , on being called an unfaithful husband region was clear : it is " monstrous " , he said to the " New York Daily News " , that " Meg is again bringing up the history of our relationship and manipulating it " .
That is the objective of various American research centres , and today , a team of four institutions are almost succeeds .
The second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of Italy .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
I am pleased to have a wonderful family which is doing very well " .
" Because of the debt of the country and the rise of the trade deficit , the collapse of social security , " referring to the silence of a graveyard , is no longer just a matter of time " - believes Milinkevich .
Particularisés mobile telephone services are offered for example by Amway , Bohemia Telecom , Starlife and others .
We must work at maximum speed , " said Grigorij Surkis President of the Ukrainian League .
I very much like my trip in town and observe women to see how they are dressed , how they combine their clothes , I often do .
The security concerns are the reason that explains the absence of stewards on board its vehicles said the director of the Asiana Litvine Alexei , which ensures , compared with SA , a very small number of lines .
The phone , after all , is increasingly becoming a computer .
In these groups , support for the CSU has fallen below 40 percent .
It is quite common , especially among children and adolescents .
The 15 million provided by the Madrid Commune are for Garci a " unique opportunity " to replicate with the settings and clothing appropriate the atmosphere " a Spain who was out of leader in the fight , since the fight for independence has led people to rebellion under the rule of Ferdinand VII , " he said .
According Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view . "
Serious accusations have been launched by the judges of the Directorate of the anti-Mafia Calabria , against the mayor and Vice Mayor of Gioia Tauro , Giorgio Dal Torrione and Rosario Schiavione , and the mayor of Rosarno Carlo Martelli ' s Liberal Socialists , arrested this morning for external assistance of a mafia association .
The universal nature of the mobile is not without problems .
The favourite to win the Nobel Prize for Literature has said yesterday at the Hay festival Segovia that the novel , which currently occupies him " is a real audacity " and that " everything shows that he should not be writing it " .
This service alone should be a compelling enough reason to buy a mobile with music playing capabilites .
So , following the latest step of the European Commission in the field of the regulation of roaming charges , a paradoxical situation may happen - the text-messaging from abroad will be for some customers mobile operators Czech cheaper than the country .
This episode has shown that the precautionary principle that has been applied , made sense . "
He was informed of the decision on Monday morning and was then transported from home to a secret location .
After the failure of the vote
" And we did not know whether the disease could be transmitted by blood .
Sign of the tense situation is the removal by the airlines of non-profitable routes , and the high number of airlines have tabled stock during the first half of 2008 - they were 24 companies in Europe alone .
All times , it drew attention to the fact that in the new system , there will be no entry visa , but tourists must be registered before the start .
He also stressed that the political party has " very strict ethical codes for all the officials ' .
In this , Pavel Dvorˇák , the President of the Council of the Czech Office of telecommunications ( CˇTÚ ) , who has repeatedly said that in the Czech Republic there was no room for another operator , is join operators .
A forced integration , among other things , put an end to the relatively idyllic isolation of the community .
But I do not know how the show .
Do not say that .
A crucial moment came in the 1980s .
Finally , the cities such as Perugia , in which the kind of letting are often taken by students from outside the European Union , there is a further anomaly : The rent asked foreign students is an increase of 25-30 % compared to that applied to Italy .
However , given the complexity of the mechanism by which the aid to the markets can be effective , will follow a " disappointment " .
Modernisation goes hand in hand with the increase in opportunities , and the consequences of such a policy are also visible .
The number of stages for the European Championship could possibly be reduced from eight to six .
Gary Glitter forbidden to travel abroad .
The soul , precisely , who has made to feel a despotic with the vote which I mentioned earlier .
The direction of the Polish football league PZPN has been suspended by the National Olympic Committee after many scandals and replaced by Robert Zawlocki , administrator independent .
" He has tried to do enough in the first period , noted Guy Carbonneau .
" The name of our society and our number of tax were placed in a stamp on the wrong place . "
It would reduce the costs , " he says .
The importance is to make life better for women in the developing world .
Similarly , the VAT rate of four bills established on behalf of the Hotel Révfülöp by order of Jobb Jövo ˝ ért were incorrect , since the benefits of the society do not pay a VAT of 25 % as mentioned , but a VAT of 15 % . In addition , the employees of the hotel only print bills , while the false ones were drafted by hand .
Many residents were fascinated , Mr Franklin said , while many made fun of her .
Monday , Huber has launched a scathing remarks to the CDU . According to him , they would have been much more support from the sister party .
Vodafone heads rather its attention on obtaining its own 3G licences .
America very fond least without Paul Newman
She wanted to make promotions for a new film , spoke of her private life in an interview , and has now created trouble with her ex : The Hollywood star Meg Ryan unveils her life with her former partner Dennis Quaid .
The launch of Mobilking will not take place in other countries in the region , " said in a telephone maintains for Mobil.cz Jana Studnicˇková , spokesman for the financial group penta .
According to the calculations of scientists , the black matters would be a good fifth of the mass of the universe .
For its part , the Speaker Gianfranco Fini has pointed out that " this phenomenon of the dead white is an absolute social emergency , who insult the conscience of each of us , and requires all the institutions , to make a real effort to stop it quickly " .
We have already raised the issue repeatedly on Mobil.cz , the fact that the Czech operators are some of the most expensive in Europe .
However , according to what the manager said , it would have been impossible for so many people to occupy this place , at the same time .
Passers-by said they did not think often of Extra Place , and suggested its development .
It would make it the Nice country in a nation of racist ? This is what if intéroge the New York Times who has dedicated a long , discussing the issue of racism in Italy , working on the case of young Abdul William Guibre , a native of Burkina Faso , killed last month in Milan , for stealing a sounding biscuits .
Student Agency is the only carrier coach services to propose the stewards .
The Czech national anthem will , next year , its 175è anniversary .
The Hamburg SV will celebrate its 121 years on Monday .
For the moment , no issue with a complex project and serious in this area has contacted , " mentioned Vlastimil Department Srsˇenˇ press Telefonika O2 , in its statement for Mobil.cz .
" But this is not an amnesty for our country .
Especially in the case of the three companies mentioned it can act of thousands of customers .
Members of this pair very criticised have , in any case , felt that they were not particularly in their seats .
Her lawyers have said that the court refused to give her because of her indictment for having extracted 50 million Taka ( $ 729.000,00 ) from a businessman when she was PM .
Indeed , the operator is specifically men .
Almost two Republicans out of three rejected his plan .
" This saga unpleasant ended with the suicide of the victim .
But the interests that are at the same time increase , will subsequently charged , each year , the 700 financial companies that collect deposits .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
I am a pragmatic émotionel .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
Bastian Reinhard would also have wanted be more relaxed .
So far , Embraer 41 appliances delivered to the Chinese customers in eight years .
Perhaps Mr Garverwill please explain how he can ask for a " public " debate when he disregards the views of the public ?
But there is no one or two methods to combat fatigue daily and the problems linked to the world of work .
A minimum of functions and the resemblance to the controls on a cassette player commonly used in the past , or gramophone , is obvious .
However , it is clear that , to block the super power of the multiplex cinemas , the traditional hall must also improve the quality of its sound and image , because the public today is more demanding .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez .
Do not wake the child up .
Even tougher action was decided in Poland .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred the gates of the community .
Monday , the House of Representatives will be the first to vote on the bill responding on behalf of Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 , and then his fate will be in the hands of the Senate .
These past two weeks , the markets for raw materials have been buffeted by the financial turmoil on Wall Street , as well as by two powerful hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico .
And there will be a maximum of five Members of the opposition in parliament , those who are best suited to power . "
" The fiasco of the five-ways motorway , very fast , a genuine civic pride " said Ms. Nathiri .
The arrests of this morning follow those of July , following which the police announced having decapitated the Piromalli clan .
The news of the positivité Kohl to the EPO of third generation , was confirmed by the head of the French anti-doping agency , Pierre Bordry , which has communicated to the Associated Press , be notified the positivité the Austrian authorities .
" It works , observed , " it worked for us "
This is the first step towards the concept of a technology for instant avoidance . According to estimates by Nissan , this system will make its entry in manufactured cars in steps over the next ten years .
Especially in the case of the three companies mentioned the number of customers can be in thousands .
Has Eatonville , no great commemoration , or mark for the general public .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
Coaches are divided into urban , where there are places standing and a maximum speed limited , urban with places standing and a higher speed limit and coaches long distances without place standing with the maximum speed the higher and seats equipped with seat belts .
Listen to the four new version of the national anthem .
In a recent past , 15 of these banks have failed .
Trerise wrote in a letter to confession : " I feel responsible for his death " .
I am pleased because it has agreed to play a role in my work and I honour " .
This is a very interesting , especially if we consider that in Alaska , the US continues to extract oil , and recently President Bush has set up a project for new excavations
According Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view . "
It is unnecessary since it is unconscious and you are waking it up .
The price of milk has increased to five pence per litre
Coaches long distance Student Agency have no standing markets , which has been confirmed in Aktuálneˇ.cz by the director of the company Radim Jancˇura .
When we will not be the most expensive
He stressed that the proposal contains the passages of consumer protection that he also supports .
But what has just been mentioned is just one example of the big changes that the ongoing economic earthquake foreshadows or is already engendering : not only in the US , but throughout the West , and maybe not only here .
At the same time , the Belgian , Dutch and Luxembourg governments have together met to nationalise the European financial conglomerate , Fortis .
Hepatitis : When do we need to consult a doctor ?
Fishermen in The Turballe and Croisic , in the Loire-Atlantic , have stopped in the evening the blockade of the important refinery Total of Donges .
Researchers asked the participants in the experiment to look at two paintings , one being that of the Virgin Mary painted by Sassoferrato in the 17th century , and the other , the Lady with the Ermine painted by Leonardo da Vinci in the 15th century .
The psychology of one-upmanship : Why are spending more money ?
The rule allows companies concerned , to take part in a programme of assurance , where the secretariat the Treasury ensures the tools at the root of the concerns , for which the companies have paid a premium equivalent to the damage predictable .
That is why it is also difficult to determine what may be consciousness among other animals .
A Slovenian lorry which was probably leaving a hard shoulder without using indicator lights must have blocked the path of the coach .
But the Conservatives have always strongly in this region south of key importance for the Hungarian economy . In the future , they will be forced to the coalition .
He served when even of these companies , because at the request of Maître Zsolt Szente , coaccusé and editor of the acts of foundation of companies , it has established bills to their names , the order of associations with Zuschlag , as the associations Atlasz and Y-Generáció .
But , if Congress feels that the programme is not successful , it has the right to block the remaining grant , following two stages : first with the additional $ 100 billion , then , finally , 350 billion dollars .
" We are about to agree on a plan that will work and be equally effective on the market .
The excellent results achieved by the school speak for themselves , but the policies on education within his party ( the Associations support for the National Education long bilingual education ) and its huge support for the bilingual education , obscure the predicts the response to Mr Obama .
" Senator Obama does not seem to understand that ... " he accused has several occasions .
Such as Tesco Mobile proposes , in Britain , SMS at least two times cheaper than its competitors .
The profits of these sales were nonetheless paid to his Foundation for children with difficult childhoods .
In Germany , according to a current study , flights would be even cut up 50 percent .
In this case , we could exclude animals .
The second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of Italy .
Ironically , indeed , while we were convinced of henceforth entering a world of networks , technology which is increasingly more sophisticated , convinced that the global finance is now intended to dominate the world , that we became aware in a single stroke , that our future will have to settle scores with more things that are very material such as water , harvests , oil .
For his personal consumption , he called for a bill , on the model of which was made other bills that they would introduce , among other things , to the Ministry of Youth and Sport , the Ministry of Social Affairs and Labour , and the Municipality of the Capital , to access subsidies .
The right-wing camp is intact , it is only at the heart of the party that voters have become more aware - as mentioned Der Spiegel , the low score of the Bavarian CSU in the country .
And above all , it has regained the confidence of the public who had been badly shaken by the contaminated blood scandal in the 1980s and 1990s .
Most people are always their mobile on itself .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe .
This collection of portraits of the current intoxicating spirit of flamenco entitled ' intoxicating spirit of flamenco - people ' , is exposed to the gallery El Fotómata , located at No. 20 of the streets of the Mata ( street parallel to the Peupleraie of Hercules ) , which will be open until 16 October .
The stock exchange of Warsaw made a proposal to buy the stock exchange of Prague
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague réctifia its losses .
You are not even have to do too much attention to the music formats that the mobile or the reader is able to read .
" At the moment , we do not believe that there is room on the Czech market for a virtual operator as such .
Other politicians CSU have interpreted the defeat as a warning to the CDU and also for Angela Merkel .
The financial crisis from the point of view of the European press
They launched a watermelon from their car ' .
In this respect , a study in the US in 2007 showed that the vehicles equipped with this device cut up to 65 % of offences during the first year of installation .
If you are part of the auditors more demanding , choose the mobile-walkman ( Sony Ericsson , some Nokia and Samsung ) .
A formulated answer like this is not suprising , coming from the representative of the operators .
They have promised to welcome him " in a constructive spirit " and hope that it " will come with concrete proposals " .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
The many initiatives promoted in the education sector , have a particular importance for a more direct awareness on young people who enter the world of work .
The actress Heather Locklear arrested for driving under the effect of a drug
Here , too , there are factors to consider on the basis of price and quality .
Gebrselassie Sunday , preceded by four Kenyans , recorded a time of 1 : 02 : 04. half way .
But in most cases , you will be limited by the absence of standard output for headphones .
The continuation of proportion of Barrick Gold clearly shows that , contrary to what it claims , it has no desire to a debate transparent .
Eatonville and the world seemed to have forgotten .
Some aircraft are having a structure that an index of tree , in the manner of the Explorer offer of Windows , others are capable of the two ( iriver , Samsung , Sony , Cowon , the smart phones with operating system ) .
On behalf of the ' European Year of Equal Opportunities " guaranteed for all , the objective of the summit for equal opportunities in Europe held every year since the summit in Berlin last year , is to ensure a single platform to support the measures taken in favour of equal opportunities and the fight against discrimination , targeted at Europe and its Member States .
The first company to focus on marine energy has been the Enersis , who in 2005 , has siglé an agreement to build a plant in the north of Portugal .
Apart from the fact that we must go very early to withdraw the chip , the queue is 15 minutes , and we must leave his bag to back to the entry .
Analysts at Barclays Capital said that the frenzied negotiations over the weekend , concluding with the agreement of rescue " do not seem to have managed to revive the market . "
The value of the stock exchange of Prague is estimated between 5 to 10 billion kronor Czech by specialists in the market .
She said to me , following my visit to the bank . " I put my savings in the market for Monetary Fund .
Most patients do not know of the virus , because the pathogenic gene destroys liver cells on the sly . In many cases , the first symptoms do not appear until after 20 to 30 years .
Among the undecided voters , who are those who look , Obama has won for 39 % of respondents , while 25 % of them are giving the victory to McCain , according to a CBS poll .
Issuers of the fake bills did not inform themselves on travel agents of Budapest either , which was part of their choice , but only organising trips abroad . Thus , naively , they have indicated stays in Hungary on bills to be settled in cash , which also goes against the accounting practices of the agency .
It embodied for everyone an ideal of beauty and truth .
According to the indictment , the manager of the society Collab Kft. was forced to make false invoices by one of the defendants , Ludovic Györfi .
Platini , the UEFA president : A grace period for Poland and Ukraine
No final decision has been taken on these cessions , said FT .
They do not believe that the regime which has been good to foreign observers in order to resume talks with the European Union is prepared to carry out a democratic watershed .
The singer , who will receive an Oscar at the ceremony in London next week , declared being " honoured " to get this recognition .
The fourth largest world aircraft manufacturer , Embraer , maintains its forecast for 2008 with 215 aircraft deliveries , re-affirmed Fredrico Fleury Curado , its chairman .
Especially in the case of the three companies mentioned the number of customers can be in thousands .
It was a privilege to be here . "
Ms Boyd summed up everything by saying that " Zora saved Eatonville " .
Molter reacted cautiously to the proposals of the red .
This is not the first time that the Deta-Bank , which , with its 3,000 employees , counts as one of the largest employers in the financial centre of Frankfurt , comes into play when it should be consolidating the sector of the coffers savings .
With some , we have managed to make progress in the negotiations , " said the spokesman of the Pavel Kaidl group .
Already for 2007 , they had been spoiled the two thirds .
Despite this pitiful electoral defeat , heads are not yet fallen , and the debate on the personal questions to the heights of the Bavarian CSU was postponed .
These research has tried to draw up a neural pattern of this kind of ' game ' to the aid of experimental auction .
The greater pressure on the apparent CˇTÚ , the creation of the U : Fon , has been exerted by society T-Mobile .
When energy is born waves , now the big moves .
So far , the EU has not really busy of the crisis , which , as a tsunami , crosses , hand in hand , the old continent .
After the fact that the bank is , according to the latest reports , at the gates of insolvency as of Sunday evening , this rescue measure will not be able to reassure people either .
Police officers arrested two occupants of a van while its other two fled .
" We have not stewards . We objected to it from the beginning .
Jancˇura is prepared to remove these services
In this way , " Triennat Zenobia and Juan Ramón " comes to an end with a repeat of this work with Congress International held in New York , with the restoration of the Nobel Museum and with the moving exhibition " Juan Ramón Jiménez : the citizen of light " which was inaugurated in May last year and which , having travelled in the various provinces of Andalusia , will go to New York at the International Congress .
Monica is warm and timid .
Other believed that they would simply remain in Czechoslovakia .
On Wall Street , fear travels .
" And this is because we do not know what will the mechanism and the price of buying assets .
The defence of the traditional film hall is a subject that for me , has always been important : the closure of Supercinema in Bagheria , the place of my childhood and adolescence , was the spark that convinced me to make " New cinema Paradiso " which I have been thinking of already since 10 years .
I look forward to the films ' La última hora ' and ' En busca de tumba de Cristo ' .
It stems from a letter filed in the collections of the Jihocˇeská veˇdecká knihovna ( The scientific Library of Bohemia south ) .
If you understand what he says ( which is not usual ) , have not the temptation to the question to obtain information .
For their operation to be effective , indeed they need far fewer customers than a classic operator .
Already the way to go to school I was afraid .
Its beauty in the eyes of blue background was long their card asset , some would say its weakness .
Sunday , on the occasion of the Day of nationality , the Czech Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek formally presented the new recordings of the national anthem Kde domov mu ˚ j ( Where is my homeland ? ) .
But the opposite must not be ruled out .
The public prosecutor believed that 10 % of are listed on the bills and VAT went into the pockets of Kubatov .
Sanctions , including a ban on visas for 40 Belarusian leaders and the freezing of some assets , could be lifted if these elections are considered as fair by observers .
In the video presentation , the receptionist detects a third person , but it understands that the person is not part of the group that is speaking with her and that she is not part of the company .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament is that they have been appointed , not elected .
With this film Garci does not expect to win any prizes .
Illhaeusern has finally found the road to victory on the ground after a long period of famine .
The OSCE , having sent 450 observers from 43 countries , does not recognise the elections as fair .
The choice of mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
People that Naomi is a person central aim .
Coppola is being investigated for bankruptcy in the framework of the investigation on the Unipol-Bnl escalation .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Here is the least condemning view of this act , without any insinuation of criminal intent .
And Windows 7 will contain less applications , much fewer than Vista .
But what great athlete of substance .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
Quebec has greatly built its relations with the North , he said : The gold rush in Abitibi , engineering of Quebec , the James Bay .
" These results cannot be demonstrated by any existing economic theory .
Since there was a long queue , competitions began and we had not yet been our bag to back to the entry , although once fact , the withdrawal has been worse .
" We will present an appeal against the order of the Supreme Court "
Pupils arrive one after the other from eight o ' clock , until eight forty , when the Professor begins a round of the ' home ' room .
Another facet raises the question of how the various business models of each of these banks can match .
" The real men choose Mobilking - an operator which satisfies them , and that they can trust , " said David Seibert , the CEO of Mobile Entertainment Company , which is exploiting this virtual operator .
Iwan Wasjunik Deputy Prime Minister said that the preparations would soon be placed under the direct responsibility of the President and the Prime Minister .
Indeed , Italy , thousands of employees of the public administration correct and productive , met to declare war on illegitimate standards contained in the decree .
And various ways , the city that it has become a tourist décrit- thanks to its inclusion in the tourist guide to the Florida published by The Depression- era Federal Writers Project- ' remains a place at hand .
Staging has made thanks to two outstanding contributions : That of Miguel Poveda which chantera new Isabela in one of his performances , as he had done to " The Puerta abierta " ; and that Professor Matilde Coral , who was exceptionally well liked to work with the one that was his pupil .
But that does not reduce the greatness of Gebrselassie ' s capacity as a long distance runner .
But what does that mean for the emotions ?
Fortunately that I had planned to work at the end of the afternoon , because I découvrais to my local subsidiary of JP Morgan Chase , two dozen people queuing .
Would remain in the rigour the NordLB .
Pursuing an Orwellian logic , it says that the biggest airline aurifère of the world has brought a defamation suit of six million against three authors and a small publishing house penniless in order to launch a " public debate transparent " .
The accident in question , during which has died a hôtesse aged 22 years , has apparently been caused by a lorry driver who cross the road to coach .
A cafard fled before the danger , but if it feels of fear ?
Links between politics and “ ndrangheta , arrested mayor of Gioia Tauro .
No confirmation came from AIG .
The documents passed into the hands of the BBC before being handed over to the police .
Passers-by said they did not think often of Extra Place , and suggested its development .
The Czech market is in comparison with other very specific .
What matters is whether the coach is equipped with a technical sheet that states which ones are standing places and which aren ' t .
Colossus to the attack .
Nicolas Sarkozy is expected to the ground by fishermen .
According to the calculations of scientists , black matters accounts for a fifth of the mass of the universe .
The question is whether it is in his interest , or , possibly , the Socialists will reach an agreement according to which Zusi would plead guilty alone in exchange for the return of a large part of the 50 million HUF .
The Germans are constantly in the sights of kidnappers .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
The testing of various materials , such as glass , téflon , and paper made of glass , have shown that the new adhesive is ten times more powerful than the legs of these reptiles , and at the same time , " detaches easily from walls " explains Liming Dai , engineering researcher at the faculty of the University of Dayton .
They were about to stop a van to inspect it when the driver broke orders , suddenly accelerated and the chase begun .
For the image to be complete , one must add that the existing golden parachutes are not changed . The cap is only concerned with new contracts , so as to motivate participation in the plan .
Portraits of which , thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment , given the photograph classic .
Prime Minister , however , was restricted to explain why the North was " a jewel the huge potential " , but has not given to date , investment figures , or priority in the future projects .
It was a privilege to be here . "
In 2007 , the data Inail confirm that the dead white were approximately 1 200 .
All depends on it , " he says .
The government has provided £ 14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million bankers with Bradford & Bingleys .
Letters - A country dishonoured
The Director-General of Building Societies Association ( BSA ) , Adrian Coles said he is " irritating " to know that companies and their members will have to pay the bill ...
It was difficult to obtain an Oscar
But it is still not enough , according to Eric Schmidt , which is one of the influential people in society .
" The police convened two minors to interrogate them in the case of the double homicide of Ózd . According to suspicions based , they have helped to remove the footsteps of crime . , " said the spokesman for the Department of Borsod station .
" On the contrary , " he said , " you must ensure that your child speaks Spanish " .
'I want to become a young mother ; the candidate does not worry me "
On average , 14 % of those who offer their blood are not accepted , because they are suffering from AIDS or malaria , and if they have travelled in a country where there is malaria , they will be excluded for a period of one year .
Barack Obama and McCain both support the rescue plan of banks
Moreover , officials have noted that the registration plate was " forged " because it did not correspond to the one written on the grey card of the van , this is also why they have blamed the detainee of falsification of documents .
It belongs exclusively to the Office for the protection of economic competition ( ÚOHS ) .
" Obviously , Washington does not intend to you , " said to his constituents the Republican Scott Garrett , a member of the Finance Committee of the House .
Given that no fridge knows how to grill meat nor any television how to take photographs , we are here in the presence almost of a miracle .
Rescue operation of Wall Street - Democrats and Republicans are
American prosecutors are investigating and following the judicial forums for the governement .
The stock market value of Warsaw has proposed two hundred million , about five billion Czech kronor , for the purchase of 100 % of the package of shares of the stock market values of Prague .
" It is a player ' poor
One of the resolutions adopted proposes to rename the Central Beauharnois in dam Adélard-Godbout .
A change in the law , which is being drafted , for more than a now by a group of 30 experts of the Transport Ministry , could provide clarifications on the movement of stewards on board a bus .
HSV fighting Gladbach 1 : 0
" The best years of my life , " he said , ' took place in places dark , wetlands and repugnant " .
Has Minsk , " you have noticed that there was an election , you ? "
This week , Ballmer has confirmed this idea .
Industrial prices have continued to increase
" I feel responsible for her death . "
It may sound paradoxical , given that we have three networks and a mobile penetration that far exceeds 100 % .
According to the two bills from the Zuschlag in 2003 , this place has assured the restoration of a group of 90 people , members of the association Biztos Bridge Egyesület .
Its aim is to draw attention to the chronic cirrhosis of the liver , caused by the virus , on the causes of its development and on the importance of early diagnosis of the disease .
When Google chrome happened on the network , I was one of those who joined the theory that Google chrome is the first step on the part of Google to compete with Windows .
The complicity of murder is causing a detention of up to five years .
The virus of hepatitis , according to the genes pathogens , spread mainly in two forms : The hepatitis A and E through the digestive tract ( for example : Food or water contaminated ) , the hepatitis B , C , D and other viruses by blood and organic liquids ( sperm , vaginal secretion , salive ) .
The new law also provides to limit the so-called golden parachutes for the managers of companies participating in the programme and it establishes a committee , which will ensure the supervision of the funds .
This causes a lot of anxiety .
This case is one of the many accusations that her .
The crisis , indeed , is a crisis of financial institutions that have , of course , close relations with banks abroad , but , above all , are involved in a large scale in one state with the balance sheets of individuals and families who live in one country .
On the contrary , they are trying to do everything possible to a potential competitor to appear .
Despite these circumstances , as a photographer , I always attempt to convert my ideas into reality " .
Of Rome , the minister communicates that " in three months , the absence of disease public employees were reduced by 50 % , 60milles workers in a year .
A number of cabinet officers of the Department of Justice have also handed in their resignations .
Mr Bush salua progress in the negotiations
Professional fishermen , who do not pay taxes on diesel , now pay about 50 cents per litre but they believe that the threshold of profitability of a boat is achieved with a diesel below 0.30 euro per litre .
So many other Paul Newman have gone to history .
He made that statement in an interview published Monday by the Yedioth Ahronoth newspaper .
UNIPOL : Court ROME , DANILO COPPOLA remains A GROTTAFERRATA .
As in the case with an aircraft it is not clear when turbulence will strik and an air hostess could bang her head . "
That ' s how the driver tests the validity of the registered voucher .
The song Kde domov mu ˚ j was sung for the first time in 1834 on the planks of the Stavovské divadlo ( the theatre of the state ) in Fidlovacˇka ( cobblers ' fair ) , and was an original Czech composition by Josef Kajetán Tyl , accompanied by the music of Frantisˇek Sˇkroup .
In Lorenzo Bini Smaghi , the executive committee of the European Central Bank economist , Krugman is a " high-value " , but also a divulgateur the style " very aggressive , particularly critical of the excesses of liberalism of the Bush administration .
The american of Dow Jones collapses despite the rescue of the financial market planned by the state .
The shares on the stock exchange of Sydney lost more than five percent , but ultimately managed to reduce losses to 4.3 percent .
In southern Egypt , five Germans have been abducted .
In 2006 , a study concluded that 66 % of employees of Microsoft used Google to seek information on the Internet .
It demeura one of seven national symbols even after the creation of the Czech Republic independent .
BSkyB loses the ITV legal battle
The phone , after all , is increasingly a computer .
The phrase ' You do not consider " is enshrined in majuscules on the registration plate .
Glitter , 64ans , has informed the authorities that he wanted to go abroad , leaving to be recorded in the lists of accused of sexual abuse .
At the time of her death in 1960 , Hurston was poor and her books were out of print .
" And this is because we do not know what will the mechanism and the price of buying assets .
The appointment of a special prosecutor able to force the witnesses to testify , was one of its most important recommendations .
The first of these phenomena is the updating , the extraordinary revival of the double category State - sovereign , compared to a kind of renationalisation of the economy .
More than a third of students , many of which are newcomers , are studying English .
Its fans have found in 1994 in The Hudsucker Proxy of the Coen brothers .
A Minsk , " have you noticed that there was an election ? "
But it also make sweat-shirts , old fashioned boxers , cardigans made from cashmere , cotton trousers , babies , and mini-shorts ...
Why your new collection created to Mango for the fourth season ?
In six months , the operator has managed to gain more than 100 000 customers and has become the fifth largest operator of the country .
Issuers of the outrageous bills have also fallen in excess , when they mentioned the company Pigal Kft , belonging to the hotel and catering sector . In their accounts , neither the name of Jobb Jövo ˝ ért , nor that of the Hoppá appear , according to the information given to the public prosecutor ' s office .
Starting with the interceptions ordered against Dal Torrione , the pm writes , " the possibility of marrying the demans of a businessman , representative a well known group close to the Piromalli , unifying the choice of the public administration with the interests of the clan .
Thus , the probes can save on a lot of fuel .
Nearby table with such as that of the extraordinary family Chagals , the presidential table prepared by Mango , seemed even more spectacular .
The film maker has tried to " introduce the many characters and illustrate the social analysis " he has always admired in the work of the famous novelist , he explained today during the presentation of the film , with Quim Gutiérrez and Paula Echevarría at the head of the long list of actors .
" I am not ready , warned the Russian .
The novelty anti loafers was presented today by the Minister of the public administration , Renato Brunetta , and by the Secretary-General of the Council Presidency , Mauro Masi .
" Now is the time to act responsibly ( ... ) threat your job , your savings , the entire industries and the stability of the whole economy , " he said before a crowd of 35 people .
It is apparently it a force of attraction whose effect is visible on other bodies .
I do not believe that they have understood the contribution or the legacy that she ' s given the world " said Valérie Boyd , author of " Wrapped in Rainbows " , a biography of Hurston published in 2003 .
And already buses drive into the night in the ' Autostrada Brennero direction .
However , the question for Obama is whether his desire to achieve a bilingual education that defends the investigation in class of languages other than English , goes beyond its interest to eliminate the differences .
You will achieve nothing , because in sleeping , he is not sufficiently aware to organize his thoughts .
Let us not forget that the financial group Penta supports Mobilking , and , among other things , owns the U : Fon in the Czech Republic
If this equipment for places standing is not approved , passengers must remain seated .
The jets , " the coach Eric Mangini , who were asked to describe this madness , said " the second time or the third ? "
Truth to speak , reading mangas is what I love best for some years now .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation .
The arguments used by them were virtually the same - a market that was too small and too saturated , problems with the quality of services , etc .
Khaleda Zia , the rival always of Sheikh Hasina , has been set free on bail earlier this month .
" In these cases , I am very federalist , and this will be the Andalusian organisation which will have to assume its responsibilities , " said Llamazares as regards the behaviour of the political party that he will adopt in the City Council in Seville .
But there is still a possibility - a virtual operator .
Catholics said that while viewing the painting of the Virgin Mary , they felt " safe " , as though in the protection of someone who " takes care " and they felt themselves " quietened , and peace invaded them " .
The Czech market is in comparison with other very specific .
The Cardinals were in possession for the last 10 seconds , when the Jets recovered the ball , and Jay Feely made a goal from 20 yards taking the advantage to a 34-0 .
Repeated drunk-driving offenders will have to install an alcolock system
But it does not reduce the greatness of Gebrselassie capacity as a runner .
Sheikh Hasina like Zhaleda Zia , denies the accusations against her .
A mockery strange the fate has been using the list of Electeurs Universities , between in the legislation Gabriele Pauli , to measure against Stroiber was the possibility of coup by the duo Huber-Beckstein , and then treat bluntly the very ambitious local politician .
Graves Muslim desecrated while Austria fluctuates to the right .
Before the increase in February , the wholesale price of milk of Jersey had been changed the last time in 2002 .
Suburban buses are equipped with card readers included in the till the driver .
" I am not yet ready , warned the Russian .
This is not always easy or possible in the jungle media today .
Brussels has asked the independent Scientific commity , to examine the problem , given the intensive use of mobile music devices and the increase in the number of young people exposed to noise that they generate .
Police control of a van in the province of Alava : two thousand kilos of hashish found
Zora has described reality well " said Dinkins , 90 years old , a young girl of Johnson that Hurston has immortalised , citing the songs without colour , interpreted by men who have recognised their beauty . "
As soon as somniloquy appears try to stay calm .
Still him .
After a divorce , he has been married 50 years to Joanne Woodward were , in which it was true even if the opportunities does not enough not to be .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the Channel , the British government seems to have nationalized another bank rocked by the financial crisis .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to work at home .
In the case of mobile cheap , do they will play music for a few hours .
Men were to be held until the kidnappers have found a road sure to flee .
Jancˇura denies that the two seats reserved for the rest of the stewards have been sold .
The Hang Seng index China Enterprises following the movement of Chinese actions of the Hong Kong stock exchange lost 3.8 percent , markets are closed to Shanghai .
Graves Muslim desecrated when Austria fluctuates to the right .
This is the second weekend of the beer festival , known as the ' weekend of Italians ' .
A tankard , cries Marco , costs 8.25 euros .
Microsoft is right , its operational system is important but also its software .
The Nobel Prize for economy goes to Paul Krugman .
Civil rights , moreover , have helped to create space for many other Zora Neale Hurston- black writers , actors and artists who went in addition to the damage , as it , army of a cheerful confidence own and guidelines such as : " How can they be depriving the pleasure of my company ! "
Energy is sent to the side through the cables under sailors .
A statement would surprise and do not on the part of representatives of the operators .
He knew that he was right .
No member of the opposition has seen the Belarusian parliament after the elections on Sunday .
" We will take the necessary steps to be prepared to the application of the law , as soon as it is signed , " he said .
There is certainly no appropriate place in the world to present a way that Paris and there is certainly no living artist more extraordinary and good live that Valentino .
With a victory in 2 : 03 : 59 on a flat course , Gebrselassie has beaten his record of 2 : 04 : 26 , made last year in Berlin by 27 seconds .
After the marathon negotiations which have gone on for days on end , the representatives in Congress and the Administration have finally announced Sunday that they have concluded agreements in principle on the rescue plan for banks .
The British building society may have to pay a bill of more than £ 80 million to cover the rescue of the Bradford & Bingley bank .
One who lives a life online , consists of what he shows about himself , and that is how we can define the principle behind the behaviour of young people today .
Even after the accident , the director do not consider their job as a job at risk .
One of the resolutions adopted , proposes to rename the Central Beauharnois into Barrage Adélard-Godbout .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same situation .
Has the poster , there were José Luis Moreno , Curro Díaz to Juan Bautista , which would have had to face in the arena of Castilblanco
Sylvana already know that word thanks to Mangas - in her new exchanges Log , she speaks of Japan .
Still on this front , it is possible to create " hybrid " PDF documents between the typical graphics of the format Adobe the elements of a worksheet or a text editor .
As I didn ' t yet have the school uniform , I wore an old skirt of my mother , a shirt , blue rising socks and black leather shoes .
It altogether denies the right to the quotation of credible sources and the debate on facts and interpretations , which represent the basis of intellectual work .
The Ministry has been inspired by similar campaigns in the Anglo-Saxon countries , where we can commonly see images with drastic images of the victims of accidents .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , said in commenting on the results of the compromise that the programme will work and will be effective , however other measures must be implemented . According to Pelosi , there is no question here of the rescue of Wall Street , but put in motion the wheels of the economy in the other direction .
The loan of £ 14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of Bradford & Bingleys are released .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
In a letter from 1955 to The Orlando Sentinel , Hurston questions the request of the Supreme Court to a forced integration , defining its decision in Brown v. Board of Education " insulting rather than glorifieuse of my race ' .
Not in the same way , because they had already withdrawn their economies of smaller banks , such as those of New Jersey , Pennsylvania , and Staten Island .
At them , three groups surenchérissaient with a partner , in different circumstances .
Paul Newman was one of them . "
After many years , the county has rejected the proposal of the motorway .
I came to present the new collection that my sister Penelope and myself have created for Mango for the new autumn-winter season , but also to attend the presentation of the second edition of Mango Fashion Awards and also the Opera dinner in honour of Valentino .
" Everything was not very nice to see today , " confessed Marcel Jansen later .
If we cannot be part of Germany or Austria , at least we want to live under the management of the United States of America .
Microsoft will surely attempt to launch Windows 7 and Windows Mobile 7 at the same time .
Man has even used the company Szi-Beri Bt. to establish fictitious bills that have been used in the context of the application of Biztos Bridge .
Being more aggressive anti-cancer treatments , patients are often need to recharge in red blood or plaquettes .
Already depressed at the beginning of the sitting , Wall Street slumped still further after the unexpected rejection by the House of Representatives of the rescue plan of banks that was supposed to lend a bit of stability to the markets .
The market for students try does not know of crisis
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
According to the candidate for the opposition presidential elections in 2006 , it is desirable that it remains so , despite that " the power has been afraid in this Parliament which has no weight , to bring even one opponent " .
More than half a century of a seventh American art in flux flowed through him .
The news has been watered down by the recent concerns that the crisis would be durative .
This incredible success was achieved through another ingredient that put forward by Mr Obama .
The board of AIG met Sunday in the evening to examine possible , according to stop it said .
Favre found Coles for yet another two touchdowns , the first when a corner back fell , and the second , 10 seconds before half-time .
The loan of £ 14 billion will be repaid when mortgages of Bradford & Bingleys are released .
Because if our economy , which is heavily indebted vis-à-vis Russia , between in crisis , and that we do not reform , we are in danger of becoming a protectorate of Russia .
Obama has said that he is the future .
Building societies in the bill B & B .
" In these points contact , there are available to the passengers with a one-stop trained staff , which will help those involved with the purchase by Internet and , moreover , will the coupon they have bought on the map , " said the spokesman of the project Martin Opatrny ´ .
Of course , Fodor was not like that .
" This black matter , which is also in the vicinity of the Earth , might be responsible for this anomaly , " he writes .
As director , Newman revealed of ill-known aspects of its real sensitivity pudique .
The titles of her dances are reminiscent of flamenco .
In June , Merl said that the decisive question , namely through what business model the viability of the Länder banks should be guaranteed , had not previously determined by the German grouping of the coffers of savings and transfers .
The House of Representatives of the United States intends to vote on the rescue plan , the vote in the Senate should follow on 1 October .
The Impact will mee the Vancouver Whitecaps in the semi-finals .
More than half a century of a seventh American art has ever-changing through him .
Unlike the politicians of the opposition , the Russian observers have accepted the democratic elections .
But before the course begins , it was for me to appear .
It is virtually impossible to find in a standard atlas .
Werner Faymann , the chairman of the SPÖ , confirmed that he wanted to discuss with the ÖVP .
Not to mention the realities which provide a service training , consultation and assistance , ideal for small and medium-sized enterprises , which could also be open to the prospects of business .
It would be more " regrettable " , that " the trouble and the changes that contain a divorce for every child are again rekindled in public " for their son of 16 years Jack . "
In this part of the programme of supervision of Education , Bruce Fuller and Lance T. Izumi discuss the position of the candidates on the bilingual education .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
The unit of Alex Kovalev , Tomas Plekanec and Andrei Kostitsyn enlivened the attack in a gain of 3-2 of the Canadian the rocket barrage with the panthers of Florida , yesterday evening , the Centre bell .
Then , in a puddle of blood , the phrase ' You will pay'
" From the beginning , I insisted that the two singers , and the choir , have a clear diction and that they sing simultaneously , so that the words are well understood , " he said .
At the most he hinted at possible avenues of progress , including hydro-electricity , the forest , but above all the mining sector , boosted by growth in emerging countries and the reconstruction of public infrastructure .
And if the subject of free can be a way for the broadcast in homes , it is precisely in the business , that Open Office the result is the great challenge , which can already count on various projects in the public administration and schools .
Apart from the positions of yoga , the classic massage or spa treatments , Susannah ' s Marriott meeting in the pages of a book ' s all a menu of methods suited to the taste and the time .
Yet , even before the entry of operators such as Tesco Mobile or Virgin Mobile on the market , names similar to those heard at home are being heard in Britain .
MP3 players , however , have the advantage of having easy controls .
We cannot save that if people living in the peripheral areas : 300 euro for a bed , and 450 for a simple in the area Predestina , Centocelle or similar .
Net falling oil following the concerns of the world of the New Economy
It stresses that the figures of participation seem too high , and the generalisation of the vote in advance ( 26 % of voters in Minsk ) opened the voice to all the manipulation .
Firstly : Crown of small yellow hat .
The winner will be rewarded with a prize of 300,000 euros .
At the libraries , it will also be possible to register the electronic voucher on the Opencard in vending machines installed in the lobbies of several underground stations .
" In 1998 , when Héma-Quebec began its activities , only 38 % of people still had confidence in the system of blood in Quebec , recalls Dre Décary .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
In short - But victorious of Kovalev
One of the fathers of cinema and the homeland died during a particularly obscure period , when terrorists and the stock markets threaten , the esteem of American has fallen , desperately searching for reasons of dignity .
It is based on a key recommendations of the reports Krever and Gélineau that when we don ' t know and a serious disease can be , Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease which is characterised by a brain degeneration leading inevitably to death and introduced measures of exclusion .
As regards holidays , the logic is complicated : x days after the first year , x days after the third , up to 15 days in all , past a certain number of years .
And this time the old neighbours of Hurston see it as a saviour .
Historic Paris Analysis of the sitting Morning Meeting Historic Morning Meeting
It is in October that will be taken the decision on the fate of the duo Huber-Beckstein toppled
The elections were held now everything revolves around the coalition , during the debates on public television , the party leaders have barely suggesting their cards .
" This place was magnificent " said Danny Fields , the manager of the Ramones , who took the photo in November 1976 .
As long as the issuing bodies , governments and commercial banks less affected are still prepared to support the system , we can assume a reduction of arrears on time .
That is the timetable set by the Capitol for the work of the Commission for the future of Rome " Capital , which took place this morning , the new headquarters , behind the baths of Caracalla .
It is always good to read the guideline papers of medicines that we take , and , if something is not clear , speak clearly to the doctor or pharmacist " stressed the expert at the agency called Ansa .
The newspaper ' El Masri El Jom " said that , in the words of a German mediator , the release of the hostages was delayed because the kidnappers feared for their safety .
" We believe that raw materials will not escape this infection .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices has developed between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
The Italian version is déchargeable at http : / / it.openoffice.org / download / 3.0.0 / download300.htmlet and added to the English version that stood in the Mirror since Friday .
When at the end of the war , he was captured by the British and placed in the prisoner of war camps of the region Holstein , dozens of Germans approached him to learn Czech .
Witness also the slogan ' bloody " throughout the campaign .
The 700 billion plan to buy up with taxpayers ' money the bad debts , active to risks and unsaleable of the US financial institutions .
They simply informed the first group of the real value of the product in question , and they then made their bids .
" It must be in line with reality .
As in a plane , said an expert
According to Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , the American legislators should soon resume negotiations and adopt the proposed supports the financial system .
Vargas Llosa confess that the novel that he is writing requires " real courage "
This work also tells , in a way , the life of this woman who performed in places as distant , especially for the time , as India , the United States , or Russia , but also throughout Europe , since she was usually in London .
David Nailey , a professor at the University of Western Ontario in London , warns about the risks of fruit juices . He said that they are dangerous , if taken with the ingestion of certain drugs during the 236th national meeting of the American Chemical Society underway in Philadelphia . He launched a new warning : a glass of orange juice , grapefruit or apples , reduces the absorbtion of some vital medicines , cancelling their benefits and putting at risk the health of patients .
Shareholders and creditors of the bank have nothing more but to hope .
It was the highest Jets score in one game .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
This whole process must reflect what the bee does to avoid other bees .
Virtual operators the advantage of being able to focus on a target group much more concrete .
If Members of the opposition are in parliament it is because they have been appointed , not elected .
A number of cabinet officers Department of Justice have also given their resignation .
Space physicists have known of the existence of dark matter only for ten years .
" To avoid the coalition of red and black , we are ready to take responsibility of government , " said Haider .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
The accuser Advisor , Nora Dannehy now will be whether the officers asked during the investigation , lied to investigators , obstruant and justice .
During the hearing , part of the defendants writing the manufacturing method of invoices , as it had already done before the public prosecutor earlier .
This service alone should be a compelling reason to buy a musical mobile .
It is beyond me . "
In February we were informed of the launch of the virtual operator Mobilking in Poland .
The actress Heather Locklear arrested for having conducted under the effect of a drug
The Bush plan was far from perfect , but according to the vote in Congress , a real danger threat that Washington is not proposing to political tool to deal with the crisis .
The European tourists kidnapped in the Sahara are visibly free .
Thus , he who is sovereign , has certainly more power than he who is not , that is to say , whoever has the misfortune to live in a place without harvest , oil or water .
For example Tesco Mobile in Britain offers SMS that are at least two times cheaper than its competitors .
Asian stock exchanges a dramatic fall on Tuesday , even if the figures did , during the day , manage to erase some of the losses .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
The high court of Truro has referred he linked regularly its beautiful daughter , Stéphanie Randle , during his childhood , 5 to 7 years .
" Among all the major roles he has interpreted , he has never been so proud as to play that of the dedicated husband , loving father , caring grandfather and philanthropist , " he said .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy a phone .
" During the 90-minute debate , John McCain had a lot to say about me , but nothing on you , denounced Obama , yesterday , in 20 000 personnesrassemblées for an election rally in North Carolina in pouring rain .
Unlike any existing system currently , the avoidance maneuver is entirely a knee-jerk .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
Suddenly , everything is linked .
" The phenomenon has now reached very serious proportions , so much so as to exclude whole categories of young people from the right to study , because the overall costs become very high - explains the responsible for the office of studies of Sunia , Laura Mariani- in these cities , the strong demand from the students has distorted the market so that a process of widespread increase has initiated itself for residents .
Trerise and his wife divorced in the 1980s , and he returned to live in Cornwall .
In August 2008 , compared to the same month last year , we have seen the biggest increase in production sectors of energy and materials aimed at a subsequent transformation ( 16.8 percent ) .
It was the best that could mark the jets at a time .
Trerise and his wife have divorced in the 1980s , and it retourna live in Cornwall .
What is it that I was excitée .
It has become popular and people have spontaneously appropriate .
Now the company has other things on which focus on , for example , the next version of its operating system , Windows .
There is no single cause which determines its occurrence
The BR23C uses lithium polymer batteries which are lighter and whose focus of energy is higher , which makes their life longer than models that use lithium-ion instead .
They want and calm investors before the start of trade on the Asian financial markets , which are located in the first time zone , where the decision of Congress could affect trade on Monday .
In 1945 , some groups of Sudeten Germans were allegedly addressing themselves to the President of the United States with such a desire .
Namely the suburban trains and buses 300-499 , which the inhabitants of the Bohemian community essentially use to gain access to the capital .
The British newspaper Telegraph published an article that researchers at the University of Oxford have conducted an interesting experiment in analysing to what extent the belief in God could influence tolerance to pain by human beings .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
A person aware of the situation said to Reuters on Monday that the aid commitments were EUR 35 billion .
In the English press , the government would take on board the whole loans under way in the bank Bradford and Bringley , with more than 41 billion ( 75,5 billion US ) of mortgages .
Coming to cinema , you expect the various movies you shot last year to be released .
The insurer American International Group , that the US monetary authorities have fixed , plans to give more than 15 % of its assets to repay the $ 85 billion that have been put forward , according to the Financial Times reported on Sundays .
" I feel responsible for her death . "
They wear road signs of mosques removed in red .
The dispute began by radiation in December 2006 to nine American prosecutors made by the US Department of Justice .
It was great , almost better than to go to the amusement park .
According to the results , the Catholic believers were able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
Among students of CM1 , 100 % have passed the examination of state of maths of 2008 , expert level .
America changes .
Brunetta promises and suggests by smiling , " a good cappuccino at 7h in the morning is an excellent and healthy resolution " .
The disease can be cured , if it is detected in time . The virus can be eradicated from the body ; this way the risk of infection disappears and the development of cancer is stopped .
What does not understand - or does not understand - Barrick Gold is that the public who supports the authors and publishers of black Canada is primarily because it rejects the brutal manner of the mining .
Sylvana and the secrets of Bento ' s box
In April 1999 , it has refused the blood of people who had been more than a month in the UK since 1980 .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will rise in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
Soon , on 8 October , will start the hearings relating to the ongoing criminal proceedings against János Zuschlag and his accomplices .
Tuesday morning , they have conducted operations snails in the French and the Calvados , causing traffic jams of nearly 10 km .
The research borehole américo-European Casini-Huygens used this device physical , just as the solar borehole Ulysses .
This should be no problem for MP3 players , even the cheaper ones of which are able to operate for 9 hours on a single charge .
Readers are easier to manipulate , the mobile have more expertise
She ran making use of a clever strategy , leaving the group of runners from Ethiopia and Kenya take a clear advantage , then beating them around 18miles 1 ⁄ 2 later .
The presentation of the first edition illustrated the " Journal of a poet recently married " in the church of Saint Stephen ' to New York , where Juan Ramón Jiménez is married with Zenobia in March 1916 , is part of the activities by the Ministry of Culture of Andalusia to celebrate the " Triennat Zenobia and Juan Ramón " ( 2006-2008 ) , organised to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the concession of the Nobel Prize for Literature and their deaths .
In the South , it is now a junior partner , although it has so far resisted the crisis better than the banks of Munich and Stuttgart .
Speak in sleeping
It should be added that the ÚOHS has relatively broad powers to disclose such activity , and if he does not want to settle the explanations of operators , who said they had no idea that this would happen , their contractual conditions the banning .
Sandrina Fasoli yesterday , the Belgian exit winner of the first edition , watched its models in the window of Mango the 54 Boulevard Haussmann in Paris and it began crying almost of emotion .
The author , Brendan Gill , wrote : " Extra Place is a small cul-de-sac narrow , dark day and night , and defined by the doors of a warehouse in iron rouillé and persiennes , full of newspapers last week that soars along the gouttières . "
Drugs : Never with of fruit juices .
It will not work , " he stressed .
Young people know him mainly through the cultissime Slap shot of George Roy Hill ( 1977 ) , Reggie Dunlop , coach of a team Hockey unorthodox .
Building societies against the B & B bill .
But it says it has not been able to contact the children of dangerous areas of Helmand and Kandahar , located in the south .
In this case , it is someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
The option of doing nothing is simply not acceptable , " he said .
In the online edition of the journal of information on the left German , Franz Walter analysis of the causes of the dramatic defeat of the CSU in his article entitled " The revolution in Bavaria eats up its founding fathers ' .
The board of AIG met Sunday evening to examine possible cessions , according to FT .
And it is , it is party to the party of beer .
" And this is because we do not know what will the mechanism and the price of buying assets .
The leaders of the US Congress and the government of President George W. Bush agreed on a greater accordance of the financial assistance to the US financial system .
The circumstances surrounding a shooting before the release of the hostages are still unclear : the kidnappers were close to putting an end to the kidnapping , before the Sudanese army killed six of the kidnappers without warning , according to an Egyptian security official .
Others have proclaimed extra Place as a real rareté- a fragment virtually identical to the city that should be treating in peace .
Sometimes a girl offers a boy a Bento she has prepared herself , with particular care , in the hope of being able to know the boy a little better during the break .
Today , however , the U : Fon is ready to support the argument for not accepting a virtual operator .
The Thai authorities stopped him at passport control , and in the end , he went to Hong Kong .
However , they have not said openly the value of information , feel less worried about the credibility .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
In the sky , he meets his daughters with pride ; on earth , something which one does not habitually see in America .
" The hesitation over action to rescue the US financial markets around will have repurcussions around the world , " observed Joseph Yam , the head of the Hong Kong Monetary Institute .
" The Syrians know very well what they will have to give up to get the Golan Heights .
This analysis is the first of a series of experiments , in which academics , scientists , philosophers and theologians are taking part from various sectors of the university .
But I do not know how the show .
But also remind them to take the belt before start .
After the excellent results , there is the question of what would be the impact on the regulation of the pain of subjects if it shows the believers Madone a painted by Leonard or by a painter the same arms ?
Moreover , the manual offers other methods as contact with the nature or natural 100 % of revenue which help to relax .
What matters most consumer awareness and make this information to public domain .
Isabelle Bayón plays the part of the Sevillan dancer Tórtola Valencia
The Hypo Real Estate must from now on pay interest on a fraction to what it has the right .
" You do not embrace your white teacher because she is white - I want to say that there is now a line of cultural demarcation " said Ms Nathiri .
The kidnappers had demanded a ransom of a total of six million euros from Germany ; the money would have been given by the German wife of one of the hostages .
Sony Ericsson , whose mobile-walkman series walkman have the same menu as MP3 players , is the most advances in this domain .
The events , and the desire to thank the designer Valentino , chairman of the jury of the competition , have fact that we were in a luxurious dinner at the opera Garnier of Paris .
Five years after , a biography lauded on Hurston carried out by Robert E. Hemenway , a true bestseller , the réintroduisit and American cannons .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
The question that he would envision a coalition with Wilhelm Molter , the current president of the ÖVP , as Vice-Chancellor , is open from Faymann .
Most affected are especially investment funds from the old daughter society Württemberg Hypo and those of course that have a life beyond 2009 .
Currently , we estimate that there are 200 million patients with chronic hepatitis C-type in the world .
" What works with drivers is the system of sugar and the whip .
I am an emotional pragmatic .
The government should negotiate new advance in the case of mortgages that it will buy , while reducing payments of debtors and allowing them to keep their homes .
Dramatic reductions in the rates of Hypo Real Estate and Commerzbank led the German index ( Dax ) to a profound deficit .
In my view , similar are not enough to prove the experienced the same .
According to the BSA , no society has failed since 1945 , the date of the first history .
Ms Boyd summed up the very saying that " Zora saved Eatonville " .
" God created the time of persons perfect
If it is true that the judges are independent and impartial , this is not the truth they deem , especially in the case of prosecution in libel , but the law .
Additionly to Windows and Mac os , the suite is as usual available for the Linux operating system .
I believe yes , but in the end they are joined and these activities have a lot in common .
" You have noticed that there was an election ? " questions the Social Democrat leader Alexander Kazulin , one of the last two political prisoners released in August this year .
Residents proclaim now that the elimination of racial segregation in schools , although in some positive aspects , has weakened the cohesion of Eatonville and weakens the confidence of the young .
The lawyer US general has appointed a special accusing to check the question of the dismissal of nine American prosecutors in 2006 .
She could not participate in the Beijing games because of a hypothetical pain in the back , but promised to win in Berlin , improving her personal record by nearly five minutes in her third marathon .
" I do not believe that Senator Obama has the experience and knowledge needed to be president , " he also assured .
They desperately need this , indeed , and I shows you an example .
Closer to us ( 1990 ) , to its sensitive Mr Bridge , troubled in his old age by a marriage that did not fulfil all its promises .
" Anyone who wants to safety in Jerusalem , and especially does not want that tractors and bulldozers to crush the feet , as has happened to one of my best friends , must renounce parts of Jerusalem , " noted Olmert referring to the two attacks in the city , in July , where several people were killed and dozens of people injured .
They say so much about he , I know , many things are not true .
Nine fifty five in the morning .
Researchers of space know about the only black for about ten years .
Olmert would make in exchange for peace almost all the occupied territories
This represents a discovery since Microsoft , version after version , has not ceased to add functions and " perks , " to Windows .
It must react instinctively and instantaneously , since this technology is the most vulnerable and most internal of the protection envelope , a layer of protection for times when collision is considered inevitable .
It was the biggest loss of points in the space of a day of history .
According to economists , the announcement of the fact that the rescue plan will be adopted is going to be a first major psychological factor to revive the financial markets .
" The first day of course in Japan .
Youth , in general , often have profiles on several social networks , from Facebook to Xanga , and they can connect them to other sites , such as to Twinter , or last.fm , reading his musical habits , and then he can connect them to a further system , as FriendFeed or Blip.fm. These young people can also maintain blogs , in which are automatically uploaded their most recent photo galleries that they store on Flickr or Picasa .
The street , however , has fans .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices have ranged between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
For five years , they go to the party of beer , already three virées this year alone .
Carmen Tórtola Valencia , daughter of a father Catalan ( Florenç Tórtola Ferrer ) and mother Andalusian ( Georgina Valencia Valenzuela ) , was born in the neighborhood of Triana and at the age of three years will go live in London with his family .
. People signs indicate the street .
And even if we could prove that for Man : How could anyone show the same for rats ?
Free speech opinion Orwellian of Barrick Gold
In his article entitled " Who ? ? The party chairman of the reserve with the issues of the coalition , " the Austrian newspaper conservative deals with the situation of internal policy confused which has gone after the Austrian elections .
As soon as we turn to other species and that we address the issues of felt or in general of the conscience , we are moving into the difficult terrain because the hardware is not .
Henry Paulson said that the law provides the necessary tools to spend $ 700 billion for the urgent needs of the financial system , the vast takeover of dubious credit , their insurance , or to avoid the risk of the system triggering the collapse of one or more important financial institutions .
After many years , the contée has rejected the proposal of the motorway .
However the board of directors of Deka , of which each half is supported both by Länder banks as well as groups of savings funds , has charged the directorial commity to initiate talks with WestLB for common commercial activities .
Darrelle Revis , corner back , intercepted a misfired shot and ran 32 yards to make a touchdown .
He admitted that the restitution could possibly include East Jerusalem .
" I feel responsible for his death . "
The company , with its present value of 156 billion dollars , is worth more than IBM ( 140 billion dollars ) , Intel ( 124 billion dollars ) or Coca-Cola ( 110 billion dollars ) . The AdWords / AdSense advertising areas threaten the turnover of advertising agencies , while the benefits introduced at an increasing speed cause severe headaches not only to Microsoft , but to many other creators of computer programs .
Listen to the four new version of the national anthem .
" Why Japan in particular ? " Asked me my friends when I was told that I wanted to spend a year to school in Tokyo .
In his message speech before the plenary , as one of the spokesmen main consultation of experts , Lívia Járóka , MEP Fidesz European People ' s Party , has drawn attention to the segregation in education , because it is a violation of the law affecting the Roma children , and one of the main obstacles to their success in life .
The system is not yet available on the Spanish market trade in any form , although some vehicles industrial and office has already an experimental basis .
Paul Newman was part of that . "
Currently the sisters Cruz take very seriously their new activity in the way .
To force efforts to improve the safety of blood products and work on the ground during the years that followed , we have returned public confidence , " said it before proudly say that at the beginning of 2008 , nearly 94 % of the population québécoise had now confidence in Héma-Quebec .
Two extremes , between which there is enough room for everyone .
Meat Loaf- or Lee Marvin Aday , its true nom- has suffered from health problem in recent years , suffering even an operation to cure his a gap of heart become illegally , having collapsed on stage , in 2003 .
" I feel responsible for her death . "
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
Open Office , this is the third edition of the " anti-Microsoft " package
Following the category of issuers of bills company is directly related to the accused .
The bank of the Land of Rhineland Palatinate was attached to the way to the bank from Baden-Wuttenberg in Stuttgart .
On the one hand the artist .
Songs can be bought by simply visiting the web pages of the operator ( or those of another source ) from the mobile device , and buying it .
I believe yes , but in the end they are joined and these activities have a lot in common .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
Financial markets such as Frankfurt or London would be even more affected by the decline in the price of hotels than industrial cities such as Hanover , Cologne or Stavanger .
" This shows how the market was on this plan " , she added , fearing that a draft adopted in several days is " too late " .
The ADQ said support the adoption of a North Plan by the government .
The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .
Four times candidate for the Oscar ( he has won one ) , Garci believes that the three films candidates representing Spain this year at the Academy of Hollywood , " Sangre de Mayo , " " Seven French billiard tables " and finally the winner , " The blind sunflowers , " are not representative of the young Spanish film industry , " which should be better known , " he said .
In the draft presented at the surprising CEATEC , taking place in Japan , bees bourdonnantes have given the strategic idea of the engineers from Nissan , for the draw on how they must devise the next generation of detectors of obstacles .
In January 2006 , the Association Y-Generáció and Szövetség a Modern Magyarországért have applied for a grant from the public utility of the Socialist Party , Táncsics Mihály Alapítvány ( TMA ) .
However , observers criticisms are , in addition to all this , the contradictions that concern : For example , the top management of society has refused , in its entirety , the protests of employees , after it has doubled the price of the mother of enterprise and after that the company has found it too expensive restaurants daily multiple , taken any day . It pales next to the fact that already in 2006 , Google agreed to the Chinese government and according to the terms of the agreement , the company detects all the results that injure good taste , and the interests of the Chinese regime .
Passers-by some said they did not think that rarely to extra Place , and suggested its development .
A few hundred Belarussians met Sunday evening immediately after the close of the polling stations on the central place in Minsk to protest against the fraudulent nature of legislation .
The choice of mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
The middle ground Antonio Ribeiro marked the winning goal in the 90th minute to play .
What we can do is take into account a number of very simple precautions such as :
Obama has said that it was the future .
The reason for this striptease of thought is the press relations Ryan for his new film " The Women ' - is told the story of a adultery .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
Despite this , something is still missing - a virtual operator , which would force the traditional operators to lower prices .
Traffic control of the police in Euskadi ( Ertzaintza ) on the border of the Community of Armiñón ( Alava ) .
Of course it is the second largest shop of the brand in Europe that has been opened with 1.335 square metres of surface .
10 years ago , in 1998 , the CSU measured at 47.7 percent , for the first time since the 1950s , with a score below 50 percent .
According to the spokesman for lElysée David Martinon , President " will discuss with them solutions that can be imagined to help their businesses to regain competitiveness and to secure the conditions of jobs and pay sailors ' .
These blips will " haunt " spectators until 2010 .
In Iraq , 4500 soldiers have been killed , and the Americans have not been forced to pack up and leave .
At the foot of the stairs , the Spanish Ambassador and other authorities were present .
" When you ask the taxpayers to take extraordinary measures as a result of the irresponsibility of some , it is not enough to congratulate yourself .
The new Czech anthem has four new versions .
" It is a question that we have dealt with the Ministry and , at the beginning , it prohibits any movement of passengers .
" If what you suggest happened , it could be a violation of the contractual conditions that we would then examine and could lead to a stop in cooperation with the company in question , " responded Martina Kemrová to our question on this issue .
I believe yes , but in the end they are joined and these activities have a lot in common .
It is companies publishing their own list price of mobile telephone services , but these are only public in part .
It is clear that the interim result more clearly reflect the unpredictability of the premier League that the domination of his HSV .
As he has already said , a collaboration will surely be unsuccessful if Faymann is trying to interfere in the internal affairs of the ÖVP .
The company wants to bring charge against the lorry driver .
It is the fault of the climate .
In a month , our national currency has weakened by 1.7 per cent against the euro , and 7.1 percent against the dollar . Compared to August 2007 , it has strengthened of 7.5 percent against the euro and 15,9 percent against the dollar .
Avalon Bay announced several months ago she wanted to repaver the back streets and install of seats , some are also used by a coffee that the manufacturer phases space .
Several members of the First Division Leauge were already convicted of manipulation of compulsory relegation in the previous season ; in the end , the beginning of the League had even to be shifted at the last minute .
Today , it is probably insulted , since the requests for its investment under house arrest , on the basis of a reduction of his detention conditions , continually fall on deaf ears .
Otherwise , we risk that other countries will suffer the effects .
Listening to music at full volume for a prolonged period using mobile music devices like MP3 players , can cause permanent damage to the hearing .
Foreigners who come to discover the history of Eatonville , its raison d ' être , are still treated with caution .
For the CSU , the failure was not quite a surprise , but on Sunday , a process came to end that was likely to have done so for ten years : the undisputed hegemony of the national party ended .
Today , the agreements , the largest in American journalism lies between who run the newsrooms- i.e. directeurs- and reporters who work for them .
But look at everything in detail and from the start .
On the other , the person .
GTS Novera the group , which would take a step back and to become a real Telefonika competitor in the field of customers company , does not hide , long enough , its intention to launch a virtual mobile operator .
There is no beer , not yet .
It was a group of elected Republicans that wrecked the first draft agreement last week .
Many at Eatonville , like Ms Jones , a courageous teacher who has a weakness for bright red , always fear that their insular community will not be understood .
The first was Jimmy Carter , who , from its decisions , Saudi US economy and were reports ( as it has always today , as a private citizen ) with the enemy Islam . "
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
" We have made great progress .
The documents are in the hands of the BBC before being handed over to the police .
But , according to their revelations , the American journalists are often " sick " during the year .
The industrial export sale price rose by 1.1 percent compared to July 2008 , while if compared to those of a year ago , it fell by 3.9 percent .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
Later , Dow Jones recovered a little .
At least for these aspects of our conscience which depend on the prefrontal cortex , including the consciousness of who we are , and the ability to predict and decide , it is reasonable to assume that human beings are different even from other primates .
According to a spokesman for the police , the actress has been cooperative and alcohol abuse has been ruled out from the beginning , although " according to the observation of police officers , at first sight , we thought that Locklear was under the influence of a medicine " .
" The scientists-concluded the executive UE- confirm that there are good reasons to worry , and that the European Commission will now with the Member States and other interested parties , what could possibly be taken to better protect children and adolescents , against exposure to noise from mobile music devices and similar devices .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
At the time , the department said that the prosecutors were dismissed because of poor performance .
The everything is born of the account of the case of the inspector general of the Department of Justice , who criticized the actions of some cabinet officers .
Medicines : never with fruit juices .
The plan also includes aid for property owners , who have problems to pay .
In this way , instead of infinite combinations of bees to avoid the other bees , in our case , we could use that the movement rotatif , the acceleration and the slowdown as plots available to the mini self robot
In almost perfect conditions - sunny time , 48 degrees at the start , 55 degrees at the finish - Gebrselassie won on Sunday , maintaining an impressive average of a mile every 4 minutes 43 seconds
" Say what you want , we will be the ones to put the cross on Obama or McCain .
The office of the minister Alesˇ Rˇebícˇek thinks it will discourage drivers from dangerous driving .
On television , President Lukashenko and the members of the central electoral commission welcome their success .
US President George Bush himself is glad of progress in the negotiations .
Clothes designed for the comfort of underwear .
Remind yourself that if the child seems very anxious several times , it is advisable to consult a doctor to check what causes that much anxiety in children .
Obama ? The first anti-American president . That ' s why .
( Today there are 90 percent of blacks )
This has been one of the recurring themes of the end of the week , which started on Friday with a big cocktail party to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the arrival of Jean Lesage at the head of the party .
Ehud Olmert , the president of the stand-in government of Israel , ruled in favour of the return of almost all the territories occupied in 1967 , including the West Bank and East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights , in exchange for peace with the Palestinians and Syria .
The transport ( MHD ) pragois will introduce , on Wednesday , the chip in their ticketing system
Sheikh Hasina as Zhaleda Zia , deny the accusations that they get .
It is certain that they can be made redundant at any time , but cannot be for political reasons .
This mechanism must deal with that some signals entrants per second , and respond to them .
Dennis Quaid outraged at counter-attack
" Because it fascinates me , "
The fact that Belarus , economically increasingly dependent on Russia , would improve relations with the EU , where because of the political order of Belarus it described as undemocratic , Lukashenko and several senior politicians do not receive entry visa , was one of the expectations of the opposition . Belarus has taken credit for the reduction of Russian natural gas imports which are increasingly more expensive , and helped the passage of the Beltransgaz society , owner of gas stations across the country , has passed into the hands of the Russian .
On behalf of the French Presidency , this high-level conference was opened on the one hand , by French Minister Xavier Bertrand , Labor and Affairs , Exchange and on the other hand , by Vladimir Spidla , European Commissioner for the work , Social Affairs and equal opportunities .
There is a line of border on which there is no agreement for a very long time and , when the opportunity arises , I reiterate that position on behalf of the government , " he said .
The police in Kent has said that it would not discuss specific cases or potential travel destination of Glitter within the county .
In its edition of the 17 September , The Devoir published a letter from Mr Patrick J. Garver , vice-chairman of the Canadian mining firm Barrick Gold .
The hopes of the people of Düsseldorf rest on Frankfurt .
The future is perhaps promising .
This part of the brain , along with several other functions , plays a role in the mechanism of " self-promotion " of the nervous system .
A clear but complex pessimism invades the American journalism .
Fall of actions in Asia
I feel better than ever , my 30 years am delighted .
Windows 7 will be lighter and it will no longer have as many programmes involved .
Roger Levesque was the only one to outplay Matt Jordan for the Sounders .
Of the main ways as at election time .
Eatonville has long been defined as a paradox of triumph and fighting .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Despite all this , the opposition is still feeling a palpable improvement in the political system : the political detainees have found freedom , and Minsk is prepared to have a small confrontation with Moscow , still refusing to recognise the South Ossetia and the Abazzia separated from Georgia and Russia with which Belarus form a confederation on paper , consider the two territories Independents for a month .
In this respect , the economic crisis seems to produce two phenomena convergent .
In short , no more breakfast during working hours ; no more coffee or croissant .
Sellers in detail must decide whether they will in turn increase the cost to consumers .
It is indeed that took place this weekend .
Part of the press Madrid is also the scapegoat in Washington .
If you have already a mobile and want to buy an MP3 player cheap , take a Cowon , a Creative , a Sony , a Samsung , a Emgeton , or a iriver .
And the music player is one of the most power-hungry applications .
Vietnam , this nation has lost 50 miles soldiers and was sent back home to the fesses .
Perhaps
I read it in my mangas .
These drinks , consumed especially the summer because they are refreshing and rich in vitamins , if taken with some vital medicines , can alter their effectiveness , absorbing or reducing according to cases , with serious consequences to the health .
Cautious , the two candidates have ducked questions concerning the extremely unpopular financial rescue package of $ 700 billion ( 470 billion ) adopted yesterday evening by Congress .
" The main interest of Avalon Bay is to revamp this abandoned alley , and make it public " she said , pointing out that it was the city that made her the offer for the sale in the first place " .
The following category of issuers of bills is that of companies directly related to the accused .
The complicity of murder can entail up to five years imprisonment .
" In the trains integrated into Prazˇská integrovaná doprava ( integrated transports of Prague ) , supervisors are equipped with card readers , in which they establish the validity of temporal and zonal vouchers , " said the master of tickets Filip Drápal of the organisation Ropid , which oversees the time-table of the community transports of Prague .
Some music players upmarket are capable of much more than just a reading of music , but it is unknown functions , of course , most of the mobile .
It was the enemy of Richard Nixon and the defender lost causes and overcome , as the foundation for the fight drugs created in honour of his mother died following an overdose and the creation of its own brand of organic food .
We switch on the computer only to run Firefox , Explorer or Chrome and every day people spend more time surfing the Internet than to open windows .
Whose orders seem to have been similar : and hurry up with the second goal !
" On the contrary , he said , " you must assure you that your child speaks Spanish " .
The Euro-American research probe Casini-Huygens used this physical device , just as the solar probe Ulysses .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague réctifia its losses .
" We need this second goal , " whistled Hermann Rieger in the corridor of the changing rooms of the Hamburg ring .
But before the course begins , it was for me to appear .
The police examines the weapon and the circumstances of its use with the help of experts .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Take , for example , sixth Street Prep , an elementary school in eastern Conté of Los Angeles .
The possibility of obtaining energy from the movement of the sea is considered for hundreds of years , and in the 1970s , together with the first oil crisis , the research intensified .
No one was afraid to go to ridicule or to exaggerate .
The spending of the second half of the $ 700 billion depends on a new decree of Congress .
For the names of companies that would be on the bills , it was decided , among others , during the touring province north of Lake Balaton , carried out by István Lados , at the request of János Zuschlag .
We should start to propose for transplants early next year , " says the Dre Décary which describes this programme of removal of umbilical cord blood as very popular .
This measure is being introduced by administrative sanction for two reasons : face ones behavior before it becomes a criminal offence .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
When he was released , Glitter took the plane to Bangkok where he would have to board a flight to London .
That is something that savers and households are now that the time they are uncertain . "
The rest of the hour was relatively quiet , but when the gong rang , I was assailed in the hallway .
Open Office , this is the third edition of the package " anti-Microsoft "
" In the case of long-distance journeys , it is not possible to reserve these places ; they are blocked . "
In the sectors of production of consumer goods , prices rose by 0.3 percent , while those sectors producers of energy and raw aimed at a subsequent transformation did not change compared with the previous month .
A little more than three miles from the finish , Gebrselassie made his final push to pull away from Kwambai , who finished second at 2 : 05 : 36 , improving his best record time by five minutes .
Has the death of Hurston in 1960 , it was poor and his books were out of production .
People behave similarly , which is why some scientists deduce a subjective comparable .
It is primarily affect the conscience of young drivers , the motorcycle , pedestrians , without forgetting professional drivers .
This is what the European Commission said in a statement distributed in Brussels , quoting the opinion of the Scientific Committee , on the unexpected health risks and recently identified ( Csrseri ) of the EU , published today .
What does it mean ?
In their comments on Tuesday on the international financial crisis , which is worsening day by day , newspaper leaders of the European press already forsee a " second 11 September " .
" If the passenger needs to check the validity of the registered voucher , it ' s as easy as asking the infromation from the driver , " said Drápal .
A late war of roses for the former couple Meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid : seven years after their divorce , the two Hollywood actors are engaged in a disgraceful battle - in full view of the world .
Reuters announced that after debates that extended till past midnight on Saturday , local time on the east coast , the leaders of Congress agreed on the controversy that has been raging for days on end , connected with the rescue plan for a total of $ 700 billion .
" I have never seen anything like this , " said Ellis .
Democratic Representative Rahm Emanuel , a former of the Clinton administration , has compared the " good instincts Obama ' s economic " to those of Bill Clinton during the 1998 financial crisis .
I believe that yes , but in the end it joined and these activities have a lot in common .
It is precisely at the request of Iván Kubatov that the Romanian builders have created the companies Fa-Bani Jos Faipari Kft. and Jos-Investment Bt .
Other cabinet officers , including the former colleague of Bush , Karl Rove , have been criticised for not having cooperated in the investigation .
It remained as one of the seven national symbols even after the creation of the independent Czech Republic .
Tuesday , with the start of trade , the stock exchange of Prague continued with its downfall of the day before , when it lost almost six percent .
As in the plane , said an expert
A very intense but , at the same time , exciting , day we expect .
Mr Field , for his part , said that some underestimated the attractiveness of the street in its current state .
Obama said in the CBS that McCain has not had any role on the substance in the negotiations , while he was in daily contact with the Treasury Secretary .
What device choose
We have seen his face on vinaigrette pots , sauces , biscuits and other foods , which tasted rather awful , albeit a joke at the outset .
What is it that it means ?
This is the first time in the history of the United States that legal capping will be in force on the allowances of general managers – commented the chairman of the committee responsible for financial services of the Chamber of Deputies , the democrat Barney Frank .
, the liberal government , in coming to power in 2003 , has refused to implement it .
. Coppola is investigated for bankruptcy in the framework of the investigation on the escalation Unipol-Bnl .
" Black children had used to be embrassés- I remember bien- we embrace our master the morning and evening as " said Nathiri N.Y. , daughter of it Dinkins and head in-chief of the protection of the Community of Eatonville , a non-profit group .
In this outfit I presented myself in front of the desk , and tried to pronounce everything correctly : ' Sayonara Wo She Sylvana ... ' - my name is Sylvana , I come from Germany and my birthday is in a week .
The office and employees of shops which are in front of me , frightened of another potential debacle , have transferred money to a bank that seems more reliable , the one that seems to be causing the most rescue on Wall Street .
That is what it is like when a committee board wants to demonstrate its ability to act in difficult times .
Eatonville is classified as a historic city since 1998 .
According to the deputy , a collaboration of the European Union geared towards a goal and an action is necessary for an acceleration of the process of desegregating schools . This respect for anti-discrimination directives and preparation is of paramount importance .
" We cannot believe , that you would give the territory to a foreign government , which oppresses and destroyed the minorities and has done nothing to victory of the Allies without taking into account the quarter of a million people , " is written in the letter .
While no result had not yet been announced , many young people were came to demonstrate against the power of President Alexander Lukashenko : " The dictator , resignation " .
Passengers can buy a coupon 30 days or 90 days ( this will be valid from 1 January 2009 ) and both the register on their smart card information points and the offices of Dopravní podnik Agency ( the transport ) , located in the underground stations Muzeum , Mu ˚ stek , Nádrazˇí Holesˇovice , Andeˇl , Roztyly , Letnˇany , Kobylisy , Rajská zahrada , Kacˇerov and Luka .
Then they have cancelled and we have achieved that passengers can go to the toilet during the journey on condition that they have their own seat , " he unveiled its position .
Friday , the winner was Daniel Luque which has cut three ears and has been brought in triumph , having made the movement of arms against the bull with taste and aesthetic .
American shares suffered a bloodbath on Monday and the main indices of stocks experienced their largest fall in the last 20 years .
Outraged " of course , everyone has struck down to put an end to such tragedies which , by their size , are the rest of the media and the participation of the public , even if the daily reality we are dramatic cases , even repetitive in their dynamism .
Not even in joking .
According to the chief economist of Patria Finance David Marek , the plan is a good idea , but its implementation will be very difficult .
The principle of capping means that if the secretariat of the Treasury is buying bad credit in an auction , it will collect a surplus of tax on the golden parachute , unless the President of discredited bank retires .
In addition , and this is an example that Mr Obama could copy , reported Linda Mikels , principal of Sixth Street , the school has created the instruction of the English language by " full immersion " .
The most resounding example of recent times is probably the coordinated action against paedophiles in Brazil , during which Google sent to the Brazilian Government the information that it had collected from the social network called Orkut , thus allowing an identification .
And it is only thanks to the important benefits of the reimbursement of costs of accounting downstream from the restructuring of the former group Depfa , as well as the interest payments , according to the book tax procedures and commercial procurement for companies to Konzern that the deficit of the gains of about 16 percent has proven to be moderate .
It is clear that the rest him has been brilliant , but not rouillé .
Unfortunately , only a few have a universal USB connector , because not all can be directly connected to the computer , without a special software .
The bad boy arrived in Australia , Russell Crowe , dared appoint Newman as his greatest inspiration .
Beyond the surreal speech by Mr Garver , the prosecution of Barrick Gold is a direct attack on freedom of university research and the quest for truth , which are essential for a democratic society .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
The bloodshed of the US stocks
The new Czech anthem has four new versions .
Indeed , earlier Roma children start school , it increases the chances of them becoming productive members of the labour market ; by the taxes paid from their income and consumption , they become part of the state budget .
Police control of a van in the province of taken : Two thousand kilos of hashish found
Even taking into account the additional purchase of such a card , you will not exceed two thousand kronor .
No later than last year on the island of Réunion the chikungunya virus appeared which , like the West Nile virus , is transmitted by an insect in the blood .
The domestic sale price of the processing industry has only witnessed a small increase of 0.1 percent in comparison with July .
Austria think seriously about regain his courage , following his oscillation to the right in the parliamentary elections yesterday .
Extreme means as at election time .
Witness information is available to the public , gleaned from CˇTÚ websites .
The individual arrested was accused of drug trafficking and carrying of false documents .
After the victory on Sunday , Gebrselassie said to reporters having suffered cramps in his calf two weeks ago , and having missed training for a week .
They have not been according to the opposition .
In particular , in Tar , they are contesting the exclusion of additional benefits in the event of injury as a cause of service hours ; the extension of hours of home leave for ill workers , during which are carried out inspections and other items from the new provisions sought by the minister .
The song is ensured by Katerˇina Kneˇzˇínková and Adam Plachetka .
Madrid in the race for the 2016 Olympic Games
Paul Newman the magnificent
Dramatic reductions of Hypo Real Estate and Commerzbank led the German index ( Dax ) to a profound deficit .
For one , it is probably impractical to spend eight thousand kroner for a reader , in the same way as a Pink Floyd fan would find it hard to use headphones bought for twenty kronor at the market .
If they had taken into account all the mistakes that occurred during the race , it would be an elimination note straightaway .
" However , it has not led to any conclusion on this point .
The English call him tank but the awesome Marcel of Brussels stands out among all the other .
I am pleased because she has agreed to play a role in my work and I am honoured " .
It is indeed what took place this weekend .
Dennis Quaid outraged counter-attack
But he adds moreover , in his chair of the patio romance post that gives on Lake Sabelia , where Hurston was certainly entitled , that " it was never too long " .
This is what we think will bring in more customers .
And to facilitate its implementation , as legal reform can be made by ordinary routes but reform made by punishment requires a reform of the organic law .
As he said , the Schüssel-Molter orientation was , in any case , rejected .
To cut corners to everyone in Congress , it has also added a provision that if the government were to take losses for five years with this programme , it could put in place new taxes to help recover its implementation .
In the first round , half of this amount will be spent .
The cause of this exclusion is that the stock exchange of Warsaw is owned by the state .
It lasted , he added , until teachers and students came only more of the same place .
The problem is that trade of all mobile operators Czech prohibit such a resale .
The support gravitationnel is a manoeuvre of space probes , for which they get an extra boost in the field gravitationnel a heavenly bodies , the Earth for example .
I was already afraid on my way to school .
Inseparable except in intimacy , in these times unknown to the public , where we discover from intimate gestures and stolen looks of artists who do not care to be on stage .
With grief in his heart on the recent death of his brother , Nati wore a Mango dress and a couple of ornaments from ELAH , which was breathtaking , and arm in arm with her son Luis - a tall man , almost two metres in height – she accompanied Valentino to the dinner prepared in his honour .
A few months after the attacks of September 2001 , during the days of the collapse of Enron , Krugman wrote in an article published in the New York Times , that the second event would be more important than the first , in terms of impact on US history .
The disappearance of Paul Newman has been staggering for cinema goers this week end , while his major roles flash on the black screen of memories .
" There are few areas still belonging to the city , and we hope that the city will keep Extra Place " she said .
No financial movement has taken place , either , since the invoices were cancelled later , but which the people have avoided mentioning in their accounts .
With the popular song festival " of Mines , " Bauer began in 1997 a long journey to photographed the singers , dancers guitaristes or with a camera to mark .
If the music is for you , essentially , a background noise and if in the day you will listen to that for a limited time , for example by taking the tram , you only need any mobile reading the MP3 .
From it , " now , everything is more than the moment when the systems of entry and electronic control of the Atlantic will be put into service " .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
" UEFA has constantly on the eye ' .
The Press ( diepresse.com )
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
The assistant entraineur Cornelius Jol has acquiesé and lifted the inch to approve .
Stress is the evil of the twenty-first century .
You would not yet account , but at the moment we are seeing an insidious erosion of our rights , freedom and democracy , the word that Harper continues to brandish and whom if hollow in his mouth .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
However , the law will still many changes .
Students become victims of expensive rent ; upto 900 euros for a room .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred the gates of the community .
Mr Bush was happy with the progress in the negotiations
In the context of this experience to a bizarre 12 believers Catholics and as atheists have been subjected to shock , while each of them was a painting representing the Virgin Mary .
The head of the Deta-Bank Franz Waas said during the presentation of the figures of the semester ending August that he saw no sense in the merger of the house of the Mainzer Landstrasse with a bank of Land , the Helaba or WestLB .
The ageing population also has implications for the network of blood donors which brings together on average than 3 % of eligible Quebecois the blood donation . "
The historical cinemas are closing in favour of Multiplex .
Alice Walker , Tony Morrison and ruby Dee came to the Zora Festival every year to Eatonville , to pay tribute to Hurston , the writer the most famous of the Harlem Renaissance .
Has he been released from the narcissistic mirror , the American actor with the charming smile ?
If mobile operators turn a blind eye to such a procedure , why block the creation of a virtual operator ?
A few days you started on the bridge with Naomi Campbell , is it not ?
For a price of three four thousand kronor , we can have a very decent walkman .
Has used half of the applications provided with the system ?
Mixed blood often makes beautiful children .
I find the path alone , fortunately I have not lost .
99 % of the shares are in the hands of the Polish state which wants to secede from more than 60 % of its shares in a few months of activity .
The total amount of aid to the system should be divided into two parts .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred to the gates of the community .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Askale Tafa Margasa of Ethiopia came second in 2 : 21 : 31 , while Helena Kiprop , Kenyan draft third in 2 : 25 : 01 .
Der Spiegel ( spiegel.de )
But it is also important if you have always on you of headphones or a handsfree with connection .
It identifies the obstacles in the way of 180 degrees and a distance of 2 feet before the BR23C , it assesses the distances and sends a signal to the microchip of board , who turns on avoidance maneuver .
" This is the fundamental point : If we do not do this , the trauma , chaos and the disruption on the daily lives of Americans will be immense , " said the Republican Judd Gregg .
He was born in Ohio in 1925 , to a German Jew father and mother of Hungarian origin .
Meanwhile , geek culture and its American " savages " reunite the passionate , the activists and enthusiastic users of the computer from many countries and see in Google the next generation of big business , " trendy " corporation , as opposed to its rival , Microsoft , classified as invader of the world because of Windows , even though the two are fighting for the same cause .
Regardless of this , the feeling that mergers between the various institutions of the public sector is especially urgent is spreading .
Then I quickly crept in my place .
The directors who imagine they will lose their jobs in the space of three years , are 47 % at national level .
The only government that , despite the fact that Canada signed the Geneva Convention , goes back on its word and leaves a child soldier in inhuman conditions .
We need to continue with the recovery plan for the markets , but we ' re there , " said Paulson
This epochal change is also the problem of any Christian Democracy , and therefore also that of Angela Merker .
It is better for this way , as they will still need their strength .
According to a statement from the Hypo Real Estate , the need to finance the group is covered by the medium-term credit and the company being protected from the influence of the international financial markets which is largely outside the current jurisdiction of the state .
I read it in my mangas .
It proclaims that every society must pay a sum proportional to the deposits that it holds , and that companies intermediaries must pay about 18 % of the cost .
" He is a mediocre player "
When energy gives birth to waves , big ones moves .
In the US , the economic turmoil is even being felt among journalists : in the press , it is time for supression . And many blame the Internet , the murderer of the newspaper .
This episode has shown that the precautionary principle that has been applied , made sense . "
Proof that confirms t that the first responsible for their disappearance is the advent of the multiplex , because it is the three Italian regions that have made the most of new cinemas multisalles : 195 screens in Lombardy in the last five years , 81 in Tuscany as Emily-Romagne .
In 2007 , a strong laryngite has forced to cancel concerts .
Most of those in front of me , I apprendrais Starr later , my ' personal banker allowed ' , were all the queue for the same reason that me .
Cornelius is the brother of the entraineur in-chief of Hamburg Martin Jol .
It begins with a section instrumental that has lasted almost two minutes .
" Several one who are disappointed not to be able to have access to it , " because Héma-Quebec does not have the resources to propose this programme complex and expensive in all hospitals in Quebec .
Should Mr Obama not take the example of Sixth Street Prep and replicate it in other schools made up mostly of Hispanic students learning English .
Illhaeusern finally ...
Both by formal measures and informal pressure , they ended up with the creation of a first virtual operator , which was followed by others .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
Sudanese the kidnappers had demanded a ransom of several million .
We cannot ignore the threat longer - highlights the Tages-Anzeiger in Geneva .
WestLB would bring a " competence block " doubled by a durable productivity in such a case .
If the quality is in Rome , as in France with the Attali Commission , I am sure its contribution will be crucial .
' " The Committee is absolutely independent ; all the political , social and cultural ideas are représentées- wishes to emphasise Alemanno- it will offer ideas of development of Rome which can use policymakers policies , which remain the Committee and the City Council .
At the time of her death in 1960 , Hurston was poor and her books were out of print .
The ÖVP prohibits the SPÖ of meddling in its internal affairs .
Host my mother had also made this kind of Lunchbox - this is really something other than the miserable by-case Germany .
Almost all mobile are now able .
The celebration of the Second crucial time for the Improvement of Record of the Equipe .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
Similarly , in the summer of 2002 , the bill on behalf of the foundation Jobb Jövo ˝ ért , which later bore the name of Együtt a Harmadik Évezredért , swarmed with mistakes of form and substance .
Young people in particular , tend to be regard Eatonville as Hurston did her entire race : beautiful , problematic and all , neither better nor worse , but also proud , creative , hardworking , crazy and mixed than other racial and ethnic groups in America .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
The first debate on Friday between the two candidates for the White House has followed another to know who John McCain or Barack Obama , has prevailed .
However , they have not said openly the value of information , feel less worried about the credibility .
" During a movement , there is no risk . The situation can be compared to that of service in aircraft .
Another problem occurs during the recording of music in the mobile .
Immediately after the General Council of the Liberal Party over , Jean Charest has made yesterday in Jean-Achilles , Quebec , where the new Minister of Health , Yves Bolduc ( left ) , is trying to get elected on the occasion of the-election today .
In 2007 , the Inail data confirmed that the number of dead whites were approximately 1200 .
Although the concepts are different in " intoxicating spirit of flamenco - people ' , the photographer admits that he loves photographed the portrait of people know them , and to enter their lives for a moment more or less long .
What matters most is consumer awareness and making this information open to the public domain .
, on the contrary , we want to see progress , and further , to a prospective deepest , working seriously the development of Rome and its future . "
The directors are almost always of wages , while the Editor can win 10mille dollars a month , in addition to retirement and the payment of insurance .
In the latest episode of this financial catastrophe , " Citygroup will buy banking operations of the Wachovia Corporation , said the government on Monday .
But the complaints many interested parties ( including the company GTS Novera , already mentioned ) show that they are in negotiations with all operators , similar constraints .
It will not work , " he stressed .
It foam - and counter-attack .
What interested me was to create an intimate atmosphere which would allow me to capture the personalitie of the stars of flamenco with a camera " .
Due to the increase in the price of kerosene , passengers in economy class had to pay an average of 7.1 percent more than in 2007 , while on long flights , which consume a lot of fuel , the prices have even gone up by 29.2 percent .
He took a second look , when the jets transformed a 0-0 into an explosion .
This has said there are three years in the elections of the Bundestag of 2005 , i.e. at the time of the much-discussed Stoiber .
American the Dow Jones index collapses despite the rescue of the financial market planned by the state .
( At the same time , the federal government has been successfully some 50,000 web addresses and 1,000 terms of research that he had won in relation to the strengthening of the law on the protection of the child , voted several years ago , but in the end , it fails to get the lists of research private users , or the whole list of Internet sites and the key words of these two months . )
Later , the other two houses fell at odds as well .
The intensity with which it happens is also very different .
As I do not explores the language and awareness among rats , or the sensations , I do not know if they exist .
That is what surprised the researchers also for years : Objects kites are not always 100 percent of the way in which it expects to the venerable institution laws of gravity .
At the same time , thousands of employees public , are united to contest the standards of the decree Brunetta making use of the Codacons .
But given the attitude of mobile operators , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
Tom Wright , Anglican bishop , welcomed the results of this research .
That is that one aspect of the American mindset kept secret until the end .
On the side of the opposition , it has welcomed the broad outlines of Plan north with scepticism .
" He has tried to do too much in the first period , noted Guy Carbonneau .
If that , internally and subjective , does not measure and , because of the hardware particular , analyse based on our own experience , then his comment raises serious problems .
A source of the Ministry of Interior said that Jacqui Smith , the Home Affairs Minister has been reassured and happy to know that Glitter was banned from travelling in France and Spain .
The Spanish-American novelist acknowledged that " there is no way " to measure and know whether his books are changing lives . " But I refuse to believe that literature is a pure amusement , a short-lived experience , " said Vargas Llosa , who said that it " has the effects " and " makes people less similar " , because it asks of writers ' " not to give in to frivolity " and to assume their vocation .
Paul Newman was one of them . "
The court was told that Ms Randle , aged 34 years , has committed suicide at home at Mutley , Plymouth , on 1 April 2007 .
Giorgio Dal Torrione , mayor of the UDC at the time of the collapse , was appointed head of a center-right coalition , after a tie in May 2006 .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
" And the choices are diverse : Ocean Power , for example , uses a system of buoys linked together .
He also hopes that Quebec calls the members of the Council of radio and Canadian telecommunications and that they have a right of veto on the decisions taken in Quebec .
Hidden in the development of its huge park , a few miles of the sunshine , the brilliant and the giant Orlando , is a quiet town where are born pride and the complications of the African-American experience .
The chairman of the committee regional calabrais Agazio Loiero , cannot deny that " collusions between local councils and organised crime , there are more than a " in its region : " There are places where the mafia intensity is stronger than in others , where the collusion is almost inevitable .
It is possible to limit these data making use of solutions such as the reduction of the level and duration of exposure to noise .
In Afghanistan , almost 200,000 children have missed the recent immunization campaign against polio , for reasons of violence linked to the Taliban , said the UN .
Who lost his son Scott by overdose dédia him his film Harry and Son in 1984 , for modesty and sadness .
Everyone knew that it was ill .
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
According to the BSA , no society has failed since 1945 , the date of the first history .
The neurophysicien Joseph LeDoux is convinced that many animals also have sensations .
The two parties are trying to prevent the building of mosques and minarets , saying that they would be a political symbol of the Islamisation of Austria and Europe .
But also remind them to wear seat-belts before starting a journey .
The supercolle to walk on the walls .
The two minors , which , according to the information to make ( agency MTI Hungarian ) are girls , defend themselves free .
The second weekend of the party of beer is also known as the weekend of Italy .
A spokesman for the Kent Police said " The police in Kent will do everything necessary to protect our children as well as those abroad .
It should be managed by the Ministry of Finance .
The Sudeten Germans wanted that Sˇumava National Park be a part of the US in 1945 .
In exchange for help , Washington will have shares in rescued companies which will be worth dividends in case of profit and that it will be able sell when the storm is passed .
Printed publication against broadcast .
The anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the national theatre under the direction of Jirˇí Beˇlohlávek .
According to the head of Google , after ten years of work of global confusion , they are still at the beginning of their aim to deal with all the information .
The academic world , to which we belong , has long been known manage the debates and the disagreements and resolve conflicts .
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
On both sides , there were , of course , those who have expressed their doubts about the plan .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
When Sylvana Hiltrop , 16 years , must be present for the first day of the Highschool Tachibana , girls are beginning to giggle laugh : The German is so " kawaii ' !
Elena first claps Luca , then embraces him .
Much more irregularities occur in the speed .
The second weekend of the beer festival is also known as the weekend of Italy .
To another group , they promised that if they were to win the game , then they would receive an additional $ 15 as a reward .
But pressure in the direction of a functioning market honest and lower prices is apparently not part of the interests of ÚOHS .
The populist party BZÖ is open to negotiations . The Greens are not yet willing to agree on the coalition .
However , the OSCE reported Monday already challenging the campaign , in which most of the candidates for the opposition could not appear in the media , and particularly the fact that the opposition could not be present at the counting of votes .
" I didn ' t go out of my area " Favre said about all his passes to Coles .
This is not a mere of male body in cotton shirt , milling and without sleeves .
Next year , will we still need a visa to go to the United States ?
But we want to be independent .
To begin with , such music does not go on vinyl record , and , from the point of view of quality , there is no objective reason for that to happen , anyway .
' " According to data scientifiques- continues a responsible UE- it is a clear risk and we must react quickly .
In the world , around half a billion people suffer from chronic hepatitis B or C , while in Hungary , the chronic disease of the liver is mentioned among the main causes of death .
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
In fact , it is attacks that do not say much ; they are obviously attacks of racial nature , and do not respond to the question of all voters : Will it be a good president ? We also the polls , who say all that Obama wins and with a good advantage .
They wear road signs of mosques crossed out in red .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
" If the project is moribund ( ... ) then the relay will be quickly passed on to the Fed ( the US central bank , included ) and other central banks to manage the crisis , which will further tighten the credit conditions , said Brian Bethune , chief economist at Global Insight .
It is probably true that a classic operator with its own network has apparently not much chance ( besides it would be difficult to find clients , now ) .
And the sooner the better .
The technology-dominated Nasdaq index , has yielded 199,61 points to 1.983,73 index and the broader Standard & Poor ' s 500 8,81 % ( 106,85 points ) , 1.106,55 points , according to the final figures .
Napolitano does not hide the fact that " there is certainly a problem of resources : it is essential to invest in training and information "
According to the Czech business daily E15 , the Polish proposal represents the highest offer that has been made to date for the purchase of the stock market in Prague .
After its privatisation in 1990 , the former financial state had first of all evil speculated on industrial real estate loans , which then had been filialisés the bank Aareal .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
He embodied for everyone an ideal of beauty and truth .
There is already a European standard of safety which limits the noise level of portable music devices to 100Db , but the concern is growing about the hearing damage that may result of excessive exposure to such sources of noise .
The government has provided £ 14 billion to protect the deposits of 2.6 million bankers with Bradford & Bingleys .
We have already had negotiations several times with all the Czech mobile operators about the possibility .
Adrian Coles , BSA
With a final role of godfather of the Irish Mafia in Road to distress of Sam Mendes in 2003 , the circle was completed .
A court in Bangladesh has rejected a request for bail from the former PM Sheikh Hasina , who is likely to be arrested upon her return .
In February we had informed of the launch , Poland , the virtual operator Mobilking .
The multinational trade and tourism agency has also indicated that the shares will not be sold to Thomas Cook .
Sooner or later it will eventually a fatal accident , " he said , a year ago , to Ty ´ den.cz .
However , in view of the dynamics and unpredictability of the crisis , there is no certainty .
In this transition , Stoiber , which until now was the shots behind the scenes , also receive an active role . The former head of the regional government and former president of the CSU , has appointed on 28 September as the most bitter of his political career .
It was a blow for everyone .
Has the view of all this talk of a rebellion of the masses " present " on the agenda , seems quite frankly excessive .
The draft law states that in the next five years , the President must introduce to Congress , a proposal that will rule on how the losses will be returned to the taxpayers , from the financial sector .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
The obligations of the bank Hypo Real Estate appeared before be an alternative investment of speculation , now their value should be seen as dependent on the stability of the international banker system after the tightening of the banking crisis and the crisis in the same institution that has brought the crisis in the establishment by the takeover of the bank Depfa .
Kohl , too , is positive , that this is the fourth case of doping .
Given that the building societies are organisations without shareholder , their members end up paying the bill either by higher costs or lower interest rates on savings accounts .
The awesome Marcel
" Serious accusations of potentially criminal conduct , although unfounded , have neither been fully confirmed nor resolved , " said the inspector General , Glenn Fine , in his report .
The second time began after the jets and the Arizona Cardinals have salement played under obscure clouds .
The project of the motorway happened just when the girl the most famous of Eatonville had recovered its appeal .
The cause can be attributed to modernisation " devouring its parents ' , put in place in a consistent way in the region by the CSU .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
Has the view of the painting of religious issue , they have realised 12 % of pain in less than when they watched the work of Leonard .
Verdant Power , on the contrary , is already producing energy for a commercial center and a car park using six turbines Marine in the East River in New York .
But that is precisely that would seem strange the CˇTÚ .
In this project , the photographer takes up the special iconography of the intoxicating spirit of flamenco from different angles .
Open Office has paid particularly attention to the interaction with the suite Office 2007 , and it is possible to open the documents with the new extension of Microsoft ( .docx , .xlsx , .pptx. )
This should reserve of the night of sleep before all creditors in the long term on the decision of whether they should secede from their commitments .
Demand will acquire ground in many market segment of travel by air .
" When a static panel which warns against a danger is installed , it will probably quickly merge with the environment and the drivers will see more , " signala Korˇán .
At 5.40 p.m. , official time , the plane of the Spanish air force in which the Princes of Asturias traveled landed in the presidential hangar of the airport Benito Juárez in Mexico DF .
Could this accident be somehow related to the elections ?
Most of the time , I have no idea what I eat exactly here in Japan .
According to the court , such movements ( that the entry was not granted ) would allow him to influence his society and to have access to evidence that was used to accuse him .
However , I do not think so .
The work has just started , and there is still much to do in the two countries ' .
It is more robust than other institutes dependent on refinancing from the inter-bank market since it has no customer deposits .
It is as independent , worthy , and private as it was in the 1930s , when Hurston said that the rural population in Florida was often reluctant to share its true thoughts with the white man , who " knowing us so little , did not know what he was missing out on " .
Currently , we figure to 200 million patients with chronic hepatitis C-type in the world .
The cap wage is not mentioned in the specific case , the limitations depend on how the secretariat the Treasury suggests its aid to the company .
" Say what you want , we will be the ones to put the cross on Obama or McCain .
Condemnation for loss of official data .
After a first half without aim of both sides , the middle ground David Testo and Rocco Plancentino marked the other nets training montréalaise .
The private bank Sal Oppenheim , has signed up to 23 million new shares .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
While the economic situation is deteriorating , the demand for raw materials , including oil , should slow .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
In the long term , we need Members of the European Union to forget their national egoism , and centralise control over divided financial markets .
In the same way that in a city bus or in a tram .
In most cases , it is a question of firms in charge of multi-level marketing .
Today , Eatonville is an anomaly in Florida : Six miles from Orlando , it can at any time see itself as a back street after a summer rainy day , small as it was when it was founded by 27 black families in the 1880 ' s .
On the side of the opposition , the broad outlines of Plan North have been welcomed with scepticism .
AIG must quickly achieve liquidity to repay the loan of 85 billion that he has made the Federal Reserve to the risk of the American authorities take 80 % of its capital , diluted share due to the current shareholders .
But attention , because the Belgian brand does not only that the tank tops .
Similar to the price of petrol being identical at all service stations is a matter of chance and hard struggle of competition .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
This phenomenon can be very sporadic ( once in life , for example , associated with an episode of strong foot ) , or a more regular ( every day , once a week , once a month ... ) , the day after the child does not remember anything .
If one of the operators accepted the creation of a virtual mobile operator , the ÚOHS will find it difficult to remain impassive faced with the rejection ( left to discrimination ) of other interested parties .
Lawmakers hope that it will be adopted during the coming days .
Attacks on Obama are rising while the date of the elections are approaching .
" We are very keen to be able to propose to our clients not only telecommunications services fixed , but also mobile .
And a few years ago , it has been proven beyond any doubt that the disease is transmitted by the blood .
But of course this is the future .
Not to mention the missed deliberation of credit for traders : Debt antécédente of the state is around 10 million .
Thus , the future is perhaps promising .
According to the press office of the Group of the deputy Fidesz People ' s Party , Járóka warned that alongside distinctions found in the recruitment , Romans disappears from the labour market , in the first place , following their low qualifications .
Really anybody is to ensure the command readers the most rudimentary - who do not necessarily correspond to the cheapest ( see our choice ) .
In March , she completes its tasks and then disappear , because this experience must have a specific time period .
This incredible success was achieved through another ingredient than the one that was put forward by Mr Obama .
Track runners such as Gebrselassie and Paul Tergat , both Kenyans , converted into long distance runners , have contributed to lowering the marathon record by more than two minutes in the last ten years , since 1998 , when the Brazilian Ronaldo da Costa won in Berlin in 2 : 06 : 05 .
But that does not mean that there are plenty of reasons to buy an MP3 player independently .
Among those invited to take part in the consultation are the European social partners , as well as the most prominent representatives of the legal protection and civilian agencies of Europe , in the field of equal opportunities .
But is it that the core of the brain is at the root of sensations ?
Last week , Meg Ryan had expressed in an interview for the American newspaper InStyle the causes of the failure of marriage , " Dennis had long been unfaithful , and it was very painful . "
However , the leader of the United Left has called for investigations to show " transparency " for the irregularities that Silva could have made : " The United Left has always defended cases of this kind to have a maximum degree of transparency " .
You do not think - you pay for it .
Of course , if even more banks collapse like dominoes , then neither financial resources , or new improvisations will not be enough .
Less cumbersome , crowded month , less complex .
Passion for portraits has led Bauer to execute the idea two years ago with " portraits of old athletes ' ( ' SportARTproject " ) .
However , they have not said openly the value of information , feel less worried about the credibility .
Roger Levesque was the only off Matt Jordan for the Sounders .
According to its index , the Taiwan lost 3.6 percent .
Since the rallying to Czechoslovakia is allegedly promising - by knowing the Czech national character - that of brutality , of attitude without ways of incomprehension , oppression and servitude , the authors of the letter urge the American president to take in its hands the protectorate of the Sˇumava National Park for now and forever .
With little ego , the ultimate show of quality .
The development of Orlando has already pushed Interstate 4 up to the west of the city .
But even without admitting this argument , it should at least be worrying for the ÚOHS that three mobile operators are clearly proceeding in a similar way .
Olmert is also ruled in favour of retirement of Israel from the Golan Heights , which is , according to him , a prerequisite for the conclusion of a peace agreement with Syria .
We have four versions - with a song solo male or female , an interpretation with choir and an instrumental version .
Jaroslav Horˇín , an expert of BESIP ( safety of road traffic ) on safety in transport , does not see the displacement of stewards on board as a major problem .
The polls and analyses made just after the elections , have defined the extreme right as the political bloc the height of the country , which is demonstrated by the majority of young voters who has made a difference , because concerned about their future in the European Union .
Of April to June , prices were already 3.6 percent lower than the previous year .
In March when they have completed , the Committee and the City Council will evaluate the analyses and projects , in order to present in June , the strategic plan for Rome with the " official " stamp of the Capitol and its mayor Gianni refer .
The beginning of classes does not seem to be as strict as back home in Lower Saxony .
But we must renew the members of this network of donors as they get older and cannot give their blood .
Based on the accounts of Benito Pérez Galdós , José Luis Garci récrée the famous battle of Spaniards against the French in " Sangre de Mayo , " which is the film the most ambitious its filmographie with nearly 15 million budget .
The choice depends entirely on the mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
By a union of the bodies of the financial institution Düsseldorf with the Deka Bank in Frankfurt , " the central institution of the financial markets of the financial group of the Sparkasse " could be , according to the letter made public Monday .
" We do not want this watered-down " trend will result in fact , in a minor attention , because it is precisely when attention is acquittal that is the tragedy .
Michele of Milly , the spokesman of Avalon Bay , said that although the company wants to exploit the street , this does not necessarily mean that it wants to be the owner .
The administrative officer of the Director-General of society Delta Trió Kft . , caring of trade of fuel and cars , whose headquarters was in Budapest , but where there was nowhere to be found , was Iván Kubatov .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
If he does not report his movements to the authorities , he could face a sentence of up to five years in prison .
The written version of the plan was made public before the opening of the Asian markets , on Sunday evening at 20h , local time in Washington ( i.e. Monday at 2 a.m. , according to the local time in Central Europe ) , but has not caused spectacular rise in the stock exchanges .
" They would have thought that this would have remained between the walls of the Ministry of Defence and the Cabinet Office , " he said .
Figures which show the gravity of the phenomenon which remains one of the main causes of death , and almost twice as many deaths as homicides .
The reaction of the market with the outcome of the vote in the US House of Representatives , who refused to adopt the stabilization of the US financial sector , is also noticeable home .
The part , precisely , which made itself felt despotically at the vote which I mentioned earlier .
German domestic flights have even been halved according to the study .
According to the results , the Catholic believers were able to exclude a large part of the suffering .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
In August 2008 , the rise of the most significant price has been observed in the manufacturing sector leather articles and shoes ( 2.8 percent ) , with first , the manufacture of bags and belts with a monthly rise of 4.6 percent , then the production of shoes with 2.5 percent of monthly rise .
- Ah , well ...
The Brazilian manufacturer is banking on the Chinese market especially for its aircrafts in the range of 30 to 120 seats .
The reason so-called for which the authors cannot sign the letter is the fear of the desire for revenge " Czech oppressors .
Scientists have inspired the legs of geckos , overlaid hair microscopic who can assure the animal , a perfect adhérente .
The larger houses éditrices work their way to the Internet , seen by many as the " murderer " the paper newspaper .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
As Héma-Quebec distributes each year between 400 and 500 000 blood products , it will take more than 24 years before a case of transmission of HIV by a blood products strikes .
But is it that the core of the brain is at the root of sensations ?
It could be the flow of the financial market , or parts of it .
It was present at the promotion that the brand Mango has done to Paris to its new headquarters but and the presentation of the Sakharov the most important of the way that the Spanish house sponsoring .
For years , a mysterious phenomenon leaves researchers in the concern : The dark influence on the speed of space probes during the games gravitationnel support .
The good people of the Ministry said that bailouts can take place in the context of an auction , but also directly .
Well , this is nothing compared to what happened the day of racing .
It is certain that more than one speaks during the night .
The sale price for export of the industrial sector , HUF , rose by 1.1 percent in August compared with the previous month , while they have suffered a fall of 3.9 percent on 12 months .
When he said the deux- the jets have missed 21 points in the third temps- unquestionable Mangini said : " I can tell you that I have more appreciated the second time that the third .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
" I am concerned that such a huge number of young people who use frequently portable music devices and mobile phones at full volume , can damage unconsciously their hearing in irreparable " says Meglena Kuneva .
" We celebrated , a few weeks ago , the bank of our thousandth sample of umbilical cord blood and are expected to take more than a thousand per year .
This time , the decline is due to the fall of shares on the Wall Street .
In the women ' s race , Irina Mikitenko , born in Kazakhstan , now a German citizen , has completed a remarkable year with the seventh best time of 2 : 19 : 19 .
If the information to tell behind a real and virtual operator will soon be home , the Czech mobile market will perhaps be movement .
The men continue to squeeze on the pavements , with their trolleys and their shelves of muffins for meetings matinières .
While virtually all mobile can read the MP3 files , no MP3 player knows telephone .
The Minister of State for road safety but also the General Directorate of Road Safety and the Technological Foundation Institute for Automobile Security will participate in this initiative .
And that ' s it , it ' s go to the festival of beer .
Unlike bees , though , it cannot move upwards , downwards or diagonall ; it can only move in two dimensions , and only in the direction in which the wheels can turn .
Who will take the place of George W will be a huge stain to do .
We need to review the existing control systems in the scientific opinion , so that they are fully effective and can follow the new technologies "
Moreover , you will hear what he says , but you will not know what he is dreaming , because of the way you interpret information and the conclusions you draw from it .
Will it be a birthday without a genuine party .
The price of the best equipped telephones , which also come with a standard connector for headphones , does not exceed 15 000 .
The global economy is in a vacuum , just when the history of capitalism is witnessing one of its biggest changes .
Moreover , the rain has accompanied the expectations of more than 40 minutes during which took place rebellion and assault of Baraque .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
Everyone spoke at , pouffait laugh and I had a lot of questions - in this case , it is quite difficult to understand the Japanese English .
In this respect , music players ( even the most rudimentary ones ) are much more efficient .
A few hours before I asked in the street , the taxi driver , if it was aware that the Spanish Princes were visiting the city to conclude their official trip .
Not only is it here , but it is in us " he insisted , to make it clear that he solicited a national myth .
In October the decision will be taken on the fate of the toppled duo Huber-Beckstein
The boss of Virgin , Richard Branson , a group of consumers and the regulator Ofcom were all contrary to the purchase .
On the basis of an agreement between shareholders , some 90 % of the papers would be sold .
Then , do you become mother ?
More specifically , the experience is as follows : an instrument issuing sparks and broadcasting the shock is set on the left hand of the subject .
After 10 days in the hands of their captors , tourists kidnapped in Egypt should be released and the Italian Foreign Minister the confirmed .
It in recruitment two hundred .
The silence of the night falls on the place of October .
In addition , his album Bat Out of hell was nine years in the rankings English , and was sold to more than 40 million copies worldwide .
And to better understand the mangas and culture , at a time , I have also begun to learn the Japanese .
Although this is an intermittent phenomenon , the tide is more predictable than the wind , the sun , or waves , and therefore more reliable as a source of energy .
Too often the policy is frustrated by the management of the newspaper and emergencies that occur from time to time .
This accident could be somehow related to the elections .
Correspondents have pointed out that the terms of her release are contradictory ; since she was allowed to leave the country for medical reasons , they do not see why she could not remain free on her return to Bangladesh .
To operate in a limited period of time , we should have now an agreement . "
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ indicates the problems : " The law allows such speculation , however , the services of these companies are used by only a few customers as a percentage .
When the agreement was announced , one would have thought a truly revolutionary step .
In June-announcement the maire- we present the strategic plan from the work of the Commission for the future of Rome Capital . "
The Attorney General , Ramsey Quaife said in court that friends had told that Ms Randle , who was a good surfeuse and cyclist , seemed since 2006 " emotionally dead , " and " had lost all hope to life . "
Obama should be able to confirm his advance on Thursday with the performance expected from his colistier , Joseph Biden , in the first and only public debate with his rival , Sarah Palin .
According to Alemanno , indeed , " we need a sketch of strategic reference , neither firm nor immobile , to allow our city to improve , which is absolutely necessary , while thinking about its future in a spirit of unity , " .
" The issue was resolved .
It has not even used the words ' middle class " or " workers ' . " The rout financial advantage clearly Obama , who is regarded by the Americans as the most able to save the economy to the brink .
Even the cheapest mobile phones ( for example The Vodafone 527 ) generally have a hot-swappable memory card slot ( the type M2 , microSD , etc . ) .
In the case of mobile cheap , do they will play music for a few hours .
The community has begun to hold a festival Hurston to demonstrate the catastrophic consequences that would create the motorway .
The 19 participants of the excursion in the desert should already be on the way to the Cairo .
Most mobile and readers will create themselves a library media classified according to the name of the interpreter , the title of the album , style , or according to the judgment of the user .
The causes of this résideraient for American Express in the weak dollar , which has led to a ' desire to travel in decline of American tourists ' .
The contamination is much higher than the average among a population of three groups : Those who have suffered a blood transfusion before 1991 , consumers of drugs and tatoués .
" We will keep a certain potrion of the territory , but we must give the Palestinians a similar portion ( of Israeli territory ) , since otherwise , peace will not happen , " he added .
Isabelle Bayón is in the skin of the dancer sévillane Tórtola Valencia
Has the support of their theories economists , the members of this group of researchers have pursued analyses of financial supervision .
" This is a cosmetic change , highlights Alexander Milinkevich , a former opposition candidate for the presidency in 2006 and leader of the pro-European movement , because the important thing is the voice , and here , the executing power .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
Cornelius is the brother of the chief trainer of Hamburg Martin Jol .
It is not just the European Commission , but also the Federal Services for Authority Surveillance which have , only recently , made it clear to the government of the Land of Rhenanie North-Westphalia that the time was running out in the search for a solution for the future .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
But he less often acted as young people than as marginals : neurotics , alcoholics , swines or desperate men , including its perfect features which reflect the excessesive and the revolting .
Only 13 % of journalists are working under contract .
It ' s nice to hear the civic affection in the voice of the nephew of Mr Franklin , Edwin Harvey , 18 , who plans to return to Eatonville after college to work for the local government or for the Police forces , who need additional forces .
" We are very careful about how to tell the story " said Hortense Jones , 59 , resident since forever and the oldest parishioner of the village .
Precisely tomorrow , Congress of Deputies will vote an initiative of the Spanish Socialist Party , which proposes to settle in school buses this system as has been done in France .
Model citizen , and more .
In the 1950s , the dispute on the mix of races led hatred to the gates of the community .
An honest man , in the widest sense of the term .
Of course , I want to become mother because my body wonder , and I want to become a young mother ; I do not want to lose it .
The implementation of various stylistic means breaks with the classic side of the image , with a touch of modernity , this reflects the perception of flamenco according to Bauer : " A very traditional music with roots , that is changing and surprises us every day . "
Augustus Franklin , 77 , remembers that Hurston usually came to the city without warning , on board a large Chevrolet , a cigarette in the mouth and wearing trousers here , where even today , we are proud of traditional clothes .
" We need to break the vicious circle of poverty , segregation and the unemployed to give the opportunities provided by democracy to the Roma children , so that they can participate as citizens of the future of Europe , " demanded Járóka .
The individual arrested was accused of drug trafficking and falsification of documents .
Linebacker , David Bowens let the ball go because of Warner .
Having experienced in July , an increase of up to $ 145.29 the barrel , prices have dropped to nearly $ 90 a barrel this month , before pick up again at the sight of the deep uncertainty of the financial markets .
Paul Newman , disappeared Friday , 83 years , died of lung cancer in his Crawford of Connecticut , remains one of the last icônes of American cinema of the good years .
The favour of Hispanic voters is a complicated business .
The compromise , born from the plan , is supported by both candidates for the presidency , Barack Obama and John McCain .
On both sides , there were , of course , those who have expressed their doubts about the plan .
Only the most ladies are doing the same with maps memory of 8 UK .
The problem is that the commercial state of all Czech mobile operators prohibits such a resale .
Repeat offenders of drink-driving will install the system ' s alcolock
Not surprisingly , this fundamental difference is completely obscured by Mr Garver .
In the MDAX , the shares of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
I think about 500 people have pneumonia tomorrow , and some people like me , do not even figurerons in the classification with the exact time , because of the chip that they gave me who I think has not been properly the outset .
But with the noise renouvellés a partial nationalisation , the likelihood that approached the sureté has now become a mere hope based .
But their entry in parliament can mean space on television , meetings in the regions and the draft laws . "
But also the pool in groups of conversation
The most prestigious prize in fashion
He has put forward its ability to make the right decisions , and to restore America ' s image in the world .
But these measures are necessary , " he commented on American television .
Several people have rightly pointed out that an Internet browser is not an operational system .
Has fallen substantially the risk that some donors are infected without the knowledge and that we can detect them .
A formulated answer like this is not suprising , coming from the representative of the operators .
There is no risk of unwitting use of mobile Internet , followed by an astronomical bill of data transmission .
Every time you want to hear something , you just have to get your the mobile out from your pocket , whereas you may have forgotten your MP3 player at home .
" An overwhelming majority of young Romans have no secondary qualifications , and as a result of a poor quality of elementary education , only a tiny fraction have the opportunity to obtain a diploma . "
The fares and hotels are falling
Now is the time when no moral no longer exists : Abuse , torture , arbitrarily detain a Canadian citizen at the whim of a head of government minority so far ( what will happen after 14 October ... ) .
A Sevillan dancer will pay tribute to a dancer who is also Sevillan .
This is not merely a male body in a cotton shirt , milling and without sleeves .
Towards 8.30 p.m. , the most important stock index in the world showed 10.579 with a fall of five percent .
Milk is growing up to five penny per litre
WestLB bloc would be a " responsibility " doubled to a sustainable productivity in such a case .
The driver control the validity of the voucher registered .
If tourists in Manhattan stood far from the newsstand and giant TV screens of Times Square , they would not realize that they are in the eye of the storm .
With an annual budget of $ 297 million , Héma-Quebec not only provides blood products , but also of tissues , including greffons bone , heart valves , the Globes eye and skin that is almost exclusively used for the big burned .
It is enough to fill , through the USB connector , the apparatus of music from the computer .
Kubatov gave bodies , 15 bills in total , issued by companies operate Investment , Delta Trió , Fa-Bani Jos , Jos Investment and Linaxtrade , for a value of 14,2 million HUF .
" This is not wasted money , said yesterday , the Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos .
There was no one in the polling stations .
So many other Paul Newmans have gone down in history .
The campaign by Mr Obama stresses that " African-American and Latin students have less chance of granduating than white students . " This is true .
Things have a bizarre appearance and a completely new taste .
In October , November and December 2005 , the company issued several bills on the sale of computer equipment , for a total of about 18 million HUF .
I am not mounted on the bridge to the blow .
At the end of this , a butchering of WestLB could take place , a butchering which here is obviously not desired .
The alcolock would prevent this because it is a trendy system on the vehicle which measure the rate of alcohol in the suspense and prevents to start the car if the driver does not before ; or when the rate of alcohol of the driver is higher than that allowed .
Lukasenko - his rivals : 110 - 0
The same music for travel , namely music high-pressure , to put it in a simplified , MP3 music .
" We have been excluded from the electoral commission and our observers have not been able to participate in the count , " regretted Yuri Potemkin , the spokesman of the Union of the Democratic Forces , a heterogeneous reunification of twelve parties .
" As far as raw materials , our most pressing concerns is to understand how far the virus American diffuserait it globally and in particular , China . "
" I have changed , I do not want to take risks " .
From January to March , prices had risen by 11.9 percent in the second quarter , they have fallen by 23.6 percent .
Pablo Picasso the assumed on the Côte d ' Azur , Leonardo Di Caprio bore a diamond in the blood of Edward Zwick , Al Pacino in " The godfather of Francis Ford Coppola and is part of the holding of the Association of gay heavy-handed .
Miroslav Cˇepicky ´ said about this : " We are open to talks with potential virtual operators , and especially in the field of infrastructure costs and shared .
The start of the second half-time would be decisive with first two chances falling to Riahi and Temporale for Dannemarie , and immediately after the opening of the score for the Illhousiens by Marais , well positioned to use a ball rebounded on a first attempt by Diebold ( 53rd minute ) .
Now begins a new season of accountability and transparency .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
The juice fungus has already been heavily criticised for held accountable to increase the effects of certain drugs , antibiotics , anti arythmiques tranquillizers , anti staminales and neurological , until the toxic levels .
The Financial Services compensation Scheme confirmed to the BBC , that the 59 building societies are included in the list .
But in almost all countries where virtual operators appeared , the traditional operators always made an attempt , sometimes more sometimes less , to prevent their creation .
Things that can certainly be transported from one place to another in the land , but which are definitively linked to a limited area , a territory .
Because WestLB , injured , is under heavy pressure .
This new emphasis of the nation-crisis is in perfect harmony with the importance that the increasingly large recent developments of the economy tend to place to a factor which is inherently linked with this element : territoriality .
What chance that the politician used the word relatively and also slipped that the German banker would not be saved by the movements of crisis .
" The aim therefore , is to restore the worker the guarantee of assurance – he ajouté- so that the fate of those who has an accident , must not depend on the spontanéisme or enlargement of the legislator "
In a corner of the car park , the Latin Americans sing of gold alongside their flag ; they have already celebrated last night .
They bring you down just to collect the jersey ( first mistake , travel all the way only for that ) and ( after a long queue ) surprise ! , the only size was S ( second mistake , because I need a size XL )
Of Saturday evening , representatives of legislators rencontrèrent the US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , in order to give the bottom of the government a final form .
Secondly : ' When the doors of the beer tent open , we run for ir , ' cries Marco in the early morning .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
And in the role of actress , when you endosses clothing at this point , you really put in the skin of the man .
All depends on it , " he says .
'Push the limits of our last great northern border ' : This is the long-term ambition that Jean Charest presented with visual force while remaining within limits , at the end of the General Council of the Liberal Party of Quebec , Lévis , yesterday .
They call the race perfect , but I think it was the worst race to which I have never been involved .
The Dax has clearly slipped below the important psychological barrier of 6,000 points and côtait to 5.839 points with a deficit of 3.7 percent .
The politician and his accomplices are accused of fraud , in the form of criminal organisation , permanently and regular damage , having led especially important . Other charges have been used against them , for example , false and use of false .
During the shooting before the release , six kidnappers would have been killed .
The Hypo Real Estate needs annually for about 50 billion - of the global appropriations for the Depfa a means to refinancing short term .
Then a visible jaundice develops on the skin and the whites of the eyeballs , the cells becoming more transparent and urine takes a darker color . Cure can take two to three weeks .
Never they might think that in the glass offices and bees ' nest above their heads , bankers and hedge fund managers who monopolize New York , are having the worst " working day at the office " since the fall of 1929 .
Obama is really cheeky : he believes he will win the highest office of a nation that has two black governors and five black senators ! "
And I believe that we can always dreamed of becoming the host city for the 2016 Olympic Games ..
The process must happen in the blink of an eye .
" According to this scientific report it appears that 5-10 % of those who , listen to music at full volume using mobile music devices , for over an hour a day and per week , during a period of 5 years , risk a permanent hearing capacity loss . "
The American physicist Stephen Adler of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton still believes staunchly that Einstein was not wrong and is trying to explain the anomaly of the gravitational effect with the help of so-called black matters that astronomers have identified in the universe .
The Sudeten Germans were in 1945 that Sˇumava National Park is included in the US .
The President of the second section of the criminal court in Rome , Carmelo Rinaudo , decided to reject the body of the estate agent , Danilo Coppola , who had asked to leave his city , Grottaferrata , for a house in Rome .
In 1975 , the writer Alice Walker went to the anonymous grave of Hurston and began to fight to revive her reputation .
In conclusion , don ' t worry , it is nothing of bad , it is an episode that has lasted only a few minutes .
Has 26ans , Kohl is the fourth cyclist positive for EPO Cera , the third generation , after the Italian Riccardo Riccò and Leonardo Piepoli , and German Stefan Schumacher , also of Gerolsteiner .
A newspaper of the Mississippi River , in the southern sandpits the US , wrote an article : Once in the voting booth , we know that the American patriot will give his vote .
In my view , similar behavious is not enough to prove similar experience .
They agreed with a ransom , " said the official .
Has none of the operators of a dominant position , none has therefore a corresponding responsibility increased its behaviour on the market .
People say that Naomi is a person with a warm heart .
When the Germans Czech should at least see that the issue of their expulsion of the Republic will arise , very few of them are avouaient such a possibility .
A young stewardess from the Plzenˇ region , who had been working for the company for two years , has died in the accident on the Naples line .
The Treasury estimates that the interests of the loan will in 2009 , to £ 450millions .
Prince is smiling and dressed in blue sea , Princess , when it has the hair is dressed up in the wind , very quite soberly and is not its peep-toes ' normal ' ; perhaps they had said that a storm threatened .
30 September is the World Day of hepatitis , organised for the first time in 2004 by the organisations representing patients around the world .
A court spokesman said ' Thursday , 25 September in court of Ashford , Kent Police has asked for an application to prevent Paul Gadd to travel in France and Spain until 25 March .
Héma-Quebec celebrated yesterday the 10th anniversary of its founding , and its chairman , Dre Francine Décary , had reason to rejoice , because Héma-Quebec has become one of the largest providers of blood safety and effectiveness of the world .
" The Italian exploitation has developed an irrational " observed Paolo Protti , chairman of the Anec , " it is useful to build new structures , but we need to ensure the survival of those that already exist , because when a firm in a city , these fréquenteurs are not necessarily all prepared to go to the multiplex .
His lawyers have argued that it needed this bail to return to the country in order to prepare elections in December
To place the blame on the CˇTÚ is a fairly common trick in communications , through which the ÚOHS is washing its hands of the matter .
But pay attention , the Belgian brand does not make only tank tops .
None of the Czech operators did of a dominant position on such a market .
While we can take many examples , such as the lover who looks at photos in the morning , taken by a circle of common friends , with who his infidel lover has spent the evening , or that of the company that has dismissed one of its employees , for the sincere opinions that he voiced on his blog about the top management , we can be sure of one thing : the end of privacy is to be reconsider these days .
Do people who believe in God feel less pain ?
Well the four achievements of the new version of the national anthem .
Her dancing was sensuelle and they told me that my way of dancing was identical to hers , " she says .
The French film-maker Bertrand Tavernier the considered , not without humour , " as a challenge living in the " underplaying " judging its benefits too supported .
It is not the dancing and singing itself , but of personality and the nature of the artist who ogre the public with his art .
Cryogenic death threatens it by the fact that its fuel may soon be frozen .
Walk on walls ? – " this material may be used as a temporary adhesive " adds Liming Dai .
Virtual operators have the advantage of being able to focus on a much more specific target group .
The Ertzaintza continues its investigation to arrest the other suspect , who has managed to escape and to determine the origin of the drugs that were seized .
In this school students are largely Hispanic , and of families with low incomes .
The press review of German speaking territories
The federal government will have the opportunity to delay the procedures of foreclosures on housing tied to mortgages affected by this plan , and to set limits on the pay and allowances of departure paid to executives of companies affected .
All depends on it , " he says .
And this time the old neighbours of Hurston see it as a sauveuse .
We were able to reduce this period to less than a week .
Also disappear with him the grey areas of this secret star , quiet , committed , allergic to shards of show business , which we will not quite pit the puzzle .
Moreover , Járóka has insisted that education as fundamental right of human beings plays a key role when we must make the other fundamental rights .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
What is certain is that everything is really good .
According to the public prosecutor , money from subsidies , was spent for personal use , while the benefits were justified by false invoices .
The mistakes are starting with the withdrawal of dossards , which you have to go ahead .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
Sergei Lebedev , leader of the Commonwealth of Independent States , told the Russian news agency Ria Novosti : " People do not believe in words , but in deeds . " In this way , the absence of the opposition is proof of the maturity of the Belarussian voters .
The opposition has therefore enter the political game because " we must begin a dialogue with the European Union .
Jean Charest has described it as " vision " continuity with the prime minister Liberals that preceded it .
To confirm the rising tension between Italy and immigrants , the NYT also refers to episodes of intolerance in Milan , Parma , Rome , Ciampino and Castel Volturno .
What are these machines ?
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , the chairman of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , and the Republican representative of the negotiating table , Senator Judd Gregg , have announced the good news a few minutes after midnight , yesterday , after marathon negotiations spanning two days .
Transactions with the CˇEZ shares rose almost half the usual daily exchanges .
" I wanted to work with Pepa Gamboa and the Commission has proposed to interpret the dancer sévillane Tórtola Valencia and I felt that incredible " .
The number of people who deliberately , does not have on public pages for that it is not possible to locate them , is not insignificant . The services of Google online , via the treatment of text the treatment of image , reading of information can be replaced by alternative versions , which are not linked to enormous servers parks and assemble not our best profile , which have existed to date .
And as everything is so well organised I never felt lost here , even if Tokyo is the largest city that I have ever seen . "
In its flights , each bee is its own area , oval form , which in fact , is very similar to our hull secure protection - has explained , during the exposure , Kazuhhiro Doi , the director of the department research and development and technological public relations of the brand .
From Andoh is the intelligent knee-jerk reaction which is essential , not the treatment of data , and even less the capacity to store .
It has a right of reply .
According to the indictment , a large part of the bills were false .
These tissues are analysed , processed and frozen before being stored in Héma-Quebec which manages also the only public bank of umbilical cord blood in Quebec .
The anthem has again been recorded by the orchestra of the theatre national under the direction of Jirˇí Beˇlohlávek .
A signal to the Asian trade
And no
Of course , there is an analysis of relevant markets drawn up by the CˇTÚ according to which the telecommunications are , from the point of view of economic competition , a single market .
Hundreds of fans came to the inauguration of the festival two years after , and many back in January , to commemorate .
Short-term investors can still use an automatically taken postponement of losses for the next few years on the next income tax capital stock market gains .
" We have made two steps forward and one step back , but the most important thing is that the dialogue has been initiated between Belarus and the EU , " said Alexander Milinkevich to our newspaper .
The carrier must manage the safety of the stewards by internal regulations , " he says , and also think that from the point of view of the law , the problem is not resolved .
During his final race in Vienna , he spoke of " a European brotherhood " to avoid the rise of Islam .
Then the quarter back Brett Favre has managed to make a happening in Laveranues Coles from 12 yards for a touchdown , sign of an afternoon when their relationship has taken a step forward .
How this will all be lumped together with the union of certain entities with the Deta-Bank remains to be seen .
Plan North will be " concerted , ordered and environmentally friendly , he promised .
In this respect , the music players ( especially the most rudimentary ) are much more efficient .
In an interview given to the ABC , McCain said : " We will all have difficulty swallowing it ( ... ) but doing nothing is not an option . "
A mono-themed library ( of course named Hurston ) opened in 2006 on a magnificently repaved Kennedy Boulevard .
The same service , in the same price category , but with a greater capacity of memory ( up to 16 GB ) and a better battery life ( normally between 15 to 35 hours ) , is guaranteed by an MP3 player produced by one of the companies mentioned above .
But given the attitude of mobile operators that are , the indifference of the Czech regulators is disconcerting .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
We do not have to look too far to find examples .
If you call from time to time , procurez you , to be sure , a second charge for the work - that being the case for appliances more expensive .
Although the text content in the letter , given the current knowledge of history of the post-war , seem somewhat naive , according to some survivors , it illustrates the expectations of the Sudeten Germans of the time .
They do not feel isolated as in the past .
On the other hand , no legal prescription does not prohibit not the carrier services .
They have not been according to the opposition .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
But in this case , we can at least hope that all human brain have the same configuration .
While Ryan has lived alone after the divorce , Quaid has remarried and will soon be the father of twins .
The new Czech anthem has four new versions .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
Life today being so hectic , there is rarely the time to spend an hour to give blood , " laments Francine Décary .
Men were to be held until the kidnappers have found a sure way to flee .
Medicines at sirk- the Italian Agency of the medicine , which gave the news in a letter dated two years ago , alerting doctors and patients not to assess the danger of this mix and to pay attention to what we drink , taking medication for example , Diazépam or the methadone .
Heinz-Christian Strache , the head of the Freedom Party who won more than 18 percent of the votes , conducted its campaign against wearing headscarves and burkas , and has even expressed its opposition to the food alaha .
If the US president doubted the opinion of Germans of Sˇumava National Park , it would have to organise , according to the authors of the letter , a referendum in the region to establish whether its people wanted to be part of the US , or live under the management of the US .
No such agreement has been reached at the moment , because potential investors have not presented enough interest in the traditional operators , " said Kristián Chalupa of the External Relations Department of ÚOHS in response to our question .
In April 2007 , its true father , Terrance Randle , was found dead in his apartment in Plymouth .
According to the most recent polls , with highlighting the economic issues , Obama has once again managed to get a bit ahead . Advance of McCain , achieved with the appointment of Sarah Palin as colistière just after the Republican convention , has melted away .
The answer is simple , there is a lack of competition , which would like to join the fight .
It was a nice ovation . "
To operate in such a limited period of time , we should already have an agreement now . "
Witness information available to the public learned from CˇTÚ websites .
According to the sources , on Wednesday at the earliest , the a priori should be put to the vote in the Senate .
( Today there are 90 percent blacks )
" It is an initiative that am very fond " observed Giuseppe Tornatore ' and I hope that other cities will follow the example of Bologna putting in place other measures .
The ministerial officer of the Cabinet Office , who had forgotten top secret documents in June on a train , will be condemned by the Official Secrets Act , the BBC has learned .
Obama has said that he is the future .
Charest put on the North
Buses belong to Marco , which is a long , doubled to fake fur coat and glasses for the broader silver eels pairs .
The law ignores the steward
During the shooting before the release , six hostage takers would have been killed .
According to its index , the Taiwan stock exchange lost 3.6 percent .
Abuse of a father- " which led to suicide "
Asked about another channel whether he would vote for the proposed plan , his Republican opponent , John McCain , said : " I would like to see the details , but I hope so . "
When the morning , the group of Marco is finally coming to six hours 30 as planned on the parking lot near the place Thérèse , almost 50 other bus across Europe are already here .
No one was afraid to be ridiculed or to exaggerate .
The General Council of the end of the week has provided the Liberal leader a platform with nationalists resolutions , including ' constitutional ' aspirations which have appeared as a letter to the post : The PLQ calls in particular the recognition to the " specificity of Quebec " in the Constitution .
The main cause is that according to estimates , only one in ten patients receiving medical treatment .
As Kristián Chalupa adds : " Abroad , where virtual operators are normally present , we can see that their entrance to the market has contributed to a fall in the prices of mobile telephone services . "
People behave similarly , which is why some scientists deduce a similar subjective experience .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
Even if it is the year of the election of a black president , Senator Barack Obama , who has also cited an open dialogue on the issue of race , many here remain cautious the view from abroad .
It is difficult to say , if such a concept would be likely to walk at home .
He has left his five girls a letter containing these words : " Always and until the end , your father was incredibly grateful .
Success is not so sure .
Christopher Dodd chief negotiator and the president of the banking commity of the Senate , said that lawmakers have agreed on the responsibility of the financial programme , the protection of aid against losses , the agreement of relief , and the punctual effeciveness of the plan .
Has Bari to read , we must count 250 / EUR 350 , at least 350 for a simple .
The judge Christopher Elwen Trerise said : " You are truly bizarre as abnormally attached , your victim was certainly terrorised , especially at the age of 7 years .
American prosecutors investigate and continuing the courts for the government .
The Austrian 26ans has placed on the podium behind the Spaniard Carlos Sastre and the American Cadel Evans , raflant to the shirt and peas the best climber .
What could Zuschlag have been making & amp ; united in their factory invoices ?
Who said territory , state government policy , inevitably said , and therefore Leadership .
The psychology of one-upmanship : Why are we spending more money ?
The biological clock am not afraid .
Although the legislature composed of 110 people in this country of 10 million people is doing very well with the opposition for many decades before the elections yesterday , the opposition between its forces under the name of Forces Démocratiques Nations ( ODSZ ) was seriously hoping that Lukashenko would renew his term as President for the fourth time in dubious elections , in the footsteps of the amendments to the constitution in 2006 , " would " this time the presence of a few Members of the opposition in parliament .
That afternoon Alejandro Talavante concluded with two banderilles planted on the back of the bull and cut one ear which when the audience discovered applauded more than his fight with the bull itself .
Anyway , despite all these arguments , the winning card for the democrats is George Bush .
From there , the appeal of Michele Carruba , director of the Department of pharmaceuticals of the public University of Milan : " These findings are generally , immediately reported to the various national and international agencies of medicines which will as required change the informative notes of medicines .
- oh , well , we cannot go to the airport for customers at this time ... Are you from hereabouts or … ?
While the third group received these $ 15 before the auction , but the members of the group also lost money if they lost the auction .
If Barrick Gold really wanted to a public debate and transparent , it could do so in accordance with the scientific standards used by the authors of black Canada .
They have not been that according to the opposition .
In the first half of 2008 , the night flights and hotels were less expensive than the previous year .
Nothing is yet come out of this display ternaire .
That is condemning the least of this act , without any insinuation of criminal intent .
The choice depends entirely on the mode of use and requirements of the future owner .
But the opposite will not be ruled out .
A small rat scampers to the bottom of the alleyway near a door that once led the CBGB , and which has now become the location of a chic clothing store .
Indeed , they will buy their coupon by Internet and we will register it on their Opencard cards in one of the thirteen Meˇstská knihovna ( municipal libraries ) .
In cases where the somniloquie is very frequent , it would be good to observe the child and consult a specialist , to see if there is a problem which causes a lot of anxiety and in order to obtain an explanation for this problem .
" There is no clear legal interpretation of the role of steward - no legal prescription is dealing with this role .
On the press , moreover , the Prime Minister has refused to rule out that he would call for the elections this autumn , although he noted that it was a very busy period .
Many players in " Sangre de Mayo " repeated in front of the camera , as Miguel Rellán , Carlos Larrañaga or Fernando Guillén Cuervo .
We could see this as a cause of short term , but I prefer to move forward rather than constantly beat myself against a wall .
Of course , if they asked me to name a perfect race , this one certainly woulnd ' t come to mind .
It asked her if she was here to visit someone and told her that it would respond in a few moments .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
But the Department of Preservation and Development 2008 of the city that manages the street , has no interest in the bear .
The song , written by Jim Steinman , required a great voice like Meat Loaf ' s .
We always remember Hurston as a person who was alive and eccentric , who returned frequently after her family has moved to Jacksonville , Fla .
However , it became clear that there was room for such operators and that they could have a real success .
Jörg Haider , the President of BZÖ , is again open to all proposals .
Well , almost all journalists are pessimistic about their future .
Krugman , 55 , is a neo-Keynesian who teaches at the University of Princeton and is also a famous writer of the New York Times .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the provision of services . "
In the MDAX , the actions of Arcandor fell after the announcement of an increase in the capital .
A change in the law ?
They have withdrawn their money on savings accounts of so-called thrifts ( such a society of the building ) , associations of credit , and the type of savings banks and their local subsidiaries which do that in a state , and who say treat customers as their families .
Some companies are working to bring some functions of OpenOffice on the Web ( on the cloud ) , and in the next few weeks , they should make the final outcome .
In the sectors of production of consumer goods , we measured inflation of 6.8 percent , while the sector of initiators of profit , saw a reduction of 1.4 percent .
" The Ministry of Transport does not consider the activity of stewards as something that would fundamentally endanger the safety of passengers , " concludes the spokesman Hanzelka , by saying that the control of security on board coaches is under the power of the police and the office for safety at work .
The new Czech anthem four new versions .
We are checking their state of health , " said Frattini .
She asked me to go up for a noble cause , but if she had asked to act the pear tree , I would have done it anyway .
In the two games , participants could earn money , but during the auction including an essential element is the surfeit of a third , all under the waistline brain , called striatum , was being movement of intensive way at the loss of the game .
The law on the road transport is only the term recipient of vehicle ; it does not define its rights and duties , " adds more ambiguity the spokesman Hanzelka .
On the distributor of drinks , a poster their request to use their own research tool Mok , " research . Our future " .
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
In this way , the ODSZ has abandoned its originally planned boycott .
The fact is that dividends have been cut .
Especially personal stories that will attack the emotions .
But it is also important if you are always carrying headphones or a handsfree with connection .
These are potraits which , thanks to the choice of the camera and equipment , give the impression of a classic photograph .
And it is , it is party to the party of beer .
Of course , the nervous comparison helps : rats and humans have similar brain cores , cockroaches on the other hand don ' t even possess a brain .
The police have pursued and have arrested two occupants , a man of 28 years , identified as A. A. J. , according to the information disclosed by the Department of the Interior of the Basque Government .
Nothing but on Monday , financial institutions weakened have received more than 100 billion - recalled the Viennese newspaper , Der Standard , which adds that fears that European taxpayers also will have to delve into their pockets , very deep , in a similar way to the US in order to resolve the crisis , are becoming more realistic .
You never know what pathogenic will emerge in the system .
Less monumental than Brando , whom he resembled and who was for long a kind of rival on screen , more cautious in his game , certainly more fragile , but equally an apostle of freedom and the iconoclast of dramatic conventions .
The internationalization policy seems really out of the game and has little to say : the evidence is provided by the European Union , which is divided as usual , between the various interests and between the various national strategies , to decide on a common policy .
While those who have caused much greater damage , and are the authors of irreparable economic crimes roam freely or at least go back to their own homes at the end of the procedure , he does not have that possibility .
The umbilical cord which was once considered a biomedical waste is full of a rich blood stem cells that can be used to treat serious diseases , such as leukaemia .
Elena , Luca and others come together , Marco makes a last speech and explains the plan of attack .
The North , 70 % of the territory Quebecois , includes a portion Labrador that the Quebec has always claimed , said the prime minister at the point of press .
Eric Schmidt said , recently , the Financial Times that the main ambition of Google is to gather more information on its users . This is necessary for the founders of Google can respect their original purpose which was as follows : " Set out in a system all the information in the world ! " .
In Rome , in areas close to the central universities ( San Lorenzo , Piazza Bologna ) , it costs around 600 euros for a simple room , 450 for a bed in a double room .
It is not entirely clear to all Internet users that the words used in research on the Internet , the IP address of the computer which launches research and the pages consulted then by the interested parties are listed .
According Masi , " the choice of rotating doors is important even from a symbolic point of view . "
The Dow Jones points to 10.809,25 has lost in the first hour of openness 334 points , or 3.3 percent .
But before the classes began , it was up to me to introduce myself .
The European tourists kidnapped in the Sahara are visibly free .
Since 1946 , the SPD has reached its worst results with 18.6 percent in Bavaria .
To support the sector , one would need between 16 and 18 million per year .
Useful advice
" The government considers UEFA ' s decision to Bordeaux as a sign of confidence in Ukraine and its ability to hold , in collaboration with Poland , the European Championship , " announced Wasjunik .
, it was bloc in the middle ground and it was just the moving Riahi at the forefront of the attack .
Here , too , there are groups on the basis of price and quality .
" I am not out of my area " Favre said about all its fishways to Coles .
We have here a government that is the only one , of all the Western countries involved , not to have brought back its nationals trapped in the concentration camp at Guantánamo .
After an emergency meeting , the three Benelux countries have announced the partial nationalisation of the banking group Fortis to 11.2 billion ( 16,3 billion US ) .
If Barrick Gold really wanted to a public debate is to the public that it should have presented his vision of the facts .
Additionally to Chevron , Verdant Power Inc. of New York and Ocean Power of New Jersey , which run the route of energy from the sea , and the sums invested until today , although their details are unknown , indicate the observers , that there is a growing interest .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague réctifia its losses .
The cheapest normally cost less than three thousand .
At the moment , this service is accessible to nearly a hundred thousand people , owners of the smart card Opencard .
Prices have fallen by more than $ 20 a barrel since last Monday .
In other sectors of the processing industry , rising prices has developed between 0.6 percent and 9.1 percent .
After the creation of the Tchécoslaovaquie in 1918 , the first couplet became a natural part of the national anthem .
The most expensive action in Czech history targetting road safety .
The incident took place when various officials of the Unit of the illicit traffic taken control of the realization of vehicles on the N-1 , on the border of the policy of Armiñón .
To combat these differences , the education programme of Mr Obama supports especially among many issues , " transitional bilingual education " for those who learn English .
A witness saw her making strange manoeuvres in trying to back out of her garage in Montecito , according to what a spokesman for the police patrol of California unveiled to People magazine .
After a first attempt by the visitor captain Kauffmann which grazed the woodwork on a shot from far , Illhaeusern took the upper hand slightly with another shot from far by Fonderflick , then with Hirn going above , Roman with the end of his foot or Diebold tickling the Dannemarie defence .
Paul Rees , editor of Q magazine , said : " There are songs that transcend things like the time and gender , and Bat Out of hell is party
" Of course , we have a lot of concern for this : We have to give our newspapers opponents in Russia , local authorities we put a spanner in the works for the dissemination , but I can see that they are increasingly to support the elections , even in the circle of elderly , " said Milinkevich , referring to the fact that in the current regime of Lukashenko , which considers social security as its main result , the layer of pensioners the most sustained officially really no longer regard it as appropriate .
He has been reproached - especially in Kenya , rival country to Ethiopia - for orchestrating his runs , and avoiding the stars of the marathon from around the world , counting rather on the hares as if they were in a track competition , and giving more importance to world records than to the sense of competition .
Elena , Luca and other come together , Marco takes a last speech , explains the plan of attack .
If the test turn out positive for Cera , the Austrian will lose his third place in the Tour and will compulsorily suffer a ban of two years .
Because in him is projected a whole country enamored of the self-made man , the soldier of the Pacific War , wounded in battle , who in the early 1950s studied dramatic art at Yale then frequented the Actors ' Studio in New York , before triumphing at the theatre , cinema , and television soon afterwards .
The Sudanese kidnappers had demanded a ransom of several million euros .
In the choice of a concrete , do you especially for life accumulateur , the ability of memory , quality and sort out its and , of course , the ease of the contract .
" As liberals who preceded us , we thought otherwise to transform the challenges in new opportunities for growth and development . "
Despite this , Iraq has been , for the most part , the weakness of Bush .
Specialized mobile telephone services are offered for example by Amway , Bohemia Telecom , Starlife and others .
The assets which AIG plans to give up comprises of its subsidiary of air leasing International lease Financial Corp. , its participation of 59 % in the insurance company Transatlantic Holdings and its property portfolio and its investment in the private equity , it said .
But what a great long distance athlete .
Adrian Coles , Director-General of the committee commercial building societies , told the BBC that this decision was unfair .
Bradford and Bringley will be the second bank , after the Northern Rock , that the British Government is nationalizing since the beginning of the financial crisis .
The Gallup Institute , an opinion poll published Saturday gives an advance of five points to Obama ( 49 % to 44 % to McCain ) , believes that it is the Democrat who has learned his own way .
But of course this is the future .
In smaller cities , prices are lower in absolute terms , but they have a major importance in the economy in towns and cities .
An estimated 100 thousand patients are infected with hepatitis in Hungary , but only seven thousand are taking treatment . This draws from the fact that often patients do not know that they are infected .
Remind you that they are harmless for the child and that the next day it will remember most of what happened .
Inés Sastre did not stay for the visit of the palace dependants , but showed us photos of her son on her mobile phone before she left .
56 % of directors at national level , are convinced that reporters share their values , while at the local level , this percentage drops to 23 % .
They will have to give up their current relations with Iran ; they will have to give up their relationship with Hezbollah ( Shiite movement ) ; they will have to abandon the constant supports they attach to terrorism of Hamas ( Shiite movement ) , Al-Kaïda ( terrorist network ) , as well as that of Jihad ( holy war ) in Iraq , " précisa the Prime Minister .
Not only .
The trend has been marked especially in Paris and Rome , where passengers were paying 30 to 37 percent less than a year earlier .
The initiative was already announced last June and it now appears in the report by the Minister of State in which this initiative is seen as a pilot project that will last a year .
Retirement from the Golan Heights
" McCain has still not understood , while Obama has , " said , this weekend , a Republican spot to a Democrat , accusing it of not having grasped the impact of the crisis on the " American in the street .
The German Embassy in Cairo refused to make any comment on this story .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
After the fall of Tuesday morning , the stock exchange of Prague regained its losses .
Locklear has been arrested for suspected driving under the effect of a substance that has not been disclosed and was imprisoned at 19.00 hours and released a few hours later .
The North contains " nickel , zinc , copper , platine , however , money , iron , bow , and even diamonds " , according to the list of Mr Charest .
" But why should I eat a hamburger outside home , when I have beef in my fridge ? " , he used to joke .
Gyo ˝ zo ˝ Farkas the manager of the society , said to the site hvg.hu that when the public prosecutor had him convened and had shown him the bills , he had been able to immediately identify them as false documents .
Energy is sent to the shore through the under-water cables .
With a few exceptions , the street has always the same look .
Glitter , also known by his real name Paul Gadd , was not present at the hearing the limited jurisdiction court of Ashford , but was represented by his lawyer Corker Binning .
To Elena , this is the first time , Luca already the third or fourth time .
It has thus indirectly confirmed that operators in the Czech Republic were , in any case , not support the idea .
This numbers 5-10 % of users of these devices , and can be quantified around 2.5 to 10 million people in the EU
I already knew the word thanks to my mangas .
The whip is the threat of fines or an accident .
You do not think - you pay for it .
" I photograph the master outside the scene to capture of the elements of his character " Günther Bauer - photographer
And Lyn , the uniformed doorman of my building , has changed the subject of our usual conversation about Brad and Angelina or shipments of my commercial of fruit and vegetables .
The new Czech anthem four new versions .
" If I was reasonable , I would not do it , but I will and hope that I can finish it , " he concluded in his speech at the festival for exchange of ideas and thoughts which saw a hundred writers , historians and journalists and thousands of people for four days in the town of the aqueduct .
But even if consciousness does not depend on the language , it is surely influenced by it , so that animal consciousness , in whatever way it is produced , is probably very different from most of our states of consciousness .
In short , the request of leadership , feeds below , a powerful and more ramified délégitimassions movement of the ruling classes and traditional political orders , in the ' uprisings electoral " improvised or , in the changes of collective mood of recent just days , from the conservative rise in Austria Bavaria , in the fall of Labour in Britain , the US Congressmen rebellion against Bush ( and it may well be that the victory of the Right in Italy is not arrival by chance ) .
In short , the crisis appears global from the point of view of economics , but is exclusively , in addition , political here .
I believe yes , but in the end they are joined and these activities have a lot in common .
Regardless of the outcome of the trial , the authors and the editor of the book Black Canada will have to spend considerable sums to prepare their defence and weapons to fight , with very unequal arms , against an army of lawyers supported by the almost botomless pockets of the mining company .
According to information non-official , it seems that perhaps we could receive the first virtual operator already by the end of the year .
" At the beginning you think you travailles for posterity , then you realise you travailles for prosperity , and now you happy to make a film in addition , " explains Garci after more than 30 years of professional career .
While for the sceptics establishing a parallel with the vision of horror of Orwell , they do not see the bulk of the Web 2.0 .
Now , the leaders of the CSU put all their energy to stabilize , one way or another , Beckstein .
Werner Faymann , the chairman of the SPÖ , confirmed that he wanted to discuss with the ÖVP .
The Germans are constantly in the sights of the kidnappers .
In 2007 , a strong attack of laryngitis forced him to cancel his concerts .
As we know , Kubatov acknowledged during the investigation that he issued bills upon the order of companies such as Atlasz , Hoppá and Együtt a Harmadik Évezredért Alapítvány , and that he pocketed their counter-value .
With the show in strength of fishermen who have severely disrupted the access of several ports on Monday in Brittany and Normandy , the President of the Republic has decided to go on Tuesday morning to the port of Guilvinec , in Finisterre , to meet their representatives .
The course of the obligations , however , are going particularly well .
In Rome , Alemanno gave the order to make the Commission for the future of the capital leave .
A rat or cafard fled before the danger , is it that it means that it is also fear ?
Has the door of the hotel where they remain , one of the four major hotels of the city , a journalist rigolo Mexican television awaits them .
Some experts fear that the general theory of relativity of Albert Einstein , which describes the force of attraction of matter according to the curvature of space , may not be entirely correct .
Promoter of a small group in Congress known as " the caucus of sceptics , " the Democratic representative Brad Sherman presents things differently , but comes to the same conclusion .
The ' safe job ' at the level of staff ( our editors , ndr ) in America is still on the agenda .
I believe that animals have sensations and other states of consciousness , without me or anyone else having been able to prove it , just as we cannot prove that other human beings have a consciousness .
In Vietnam , the nation lost 50 thousand soldiers and were sent back with kicks to their rear .
A group of volunteers was playing lottery , while another group took part in a playful auction , while with the help of a process of functional magnetic resonance ( FMRI ) , the researchers studied the active brain areas of the trial subjects .
In a nation as huge as the US , with 300 million inhabitants and thousands of journalists , reviews , radio , TV and the Internet , employers often provide what they want , and it is fast becoming a matter of take it or leave it .
The new version of the $ 700 billion plan to curb the financial crisis affecting Wall Street for months has yet to be approved by both chambers of Congress .
I am pleased because she has agreed to play a role in my work and I am honoured " .
In New York , Wall Street opened with losses sensitive .
Rescue operation of Wall Street - Democrats and Republicans agree
Because the state financier was not sufficiently profitable , the Depfa then committed itself more to infrastructure projects and in the funding of projects in common between private investors and the State ( Privat-Public-Partnership , PPP ) and diversified internationally .
The actress Heather Locklear , the famous Amanda of the series TV Melrose Place , was arrested this weekend in Santa Barbara ( California ) for having driven under the effect of a drug .
For nearly 18 years , the space borehole " Ulysses " steals in the area .
And will the inhabitants of the territory be the First United and the Inuits ?
Behemoths in the attack .
Despite everything , nothing has changed .
In April 2007 , the Office of Fair Trading said that the purchase of shares by BSkyB in ITV sowed doubt on the effective independence of ITV , encouraging by a result , the Competition Commission to investigate
Paulson : The plan must be effective
He stresses that his schedule has been fulfilled , including a mission of the board of the federation in China and a Quebec-New York summit .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a job at risk , I supprimerai .
The money comes from private banks as well as from banks in the public sector .
Things never revealed until now , so much so that the success of the black candidate seems almost certain .
But if your shelves are stacked with vinyl records of rock , jazz and blues music , it is more likely that you have dreamt of buying a gramophone .
Six out of ten senior executives of printed newspapers and journalists are convinced that journalism at a national level is going the wrong way .
It will not work , " he stressed .
However , in view of the dynamic and impondérabilité of the crisis , there is no certainty .
It is true , I look forward to leave .
The times jostle through his path .
Last month , Gebrselassie had missed the Beijing Olympic marathon , craignant- can be under the eyes of today - that air pollution is increasing its problems of asthma .
And yes , the dream of many of us is that Madrid should host the Olympic Games , and after the failure of 2012 , this could be achieved by 2016 .
Such geo-strategic thoughts , however , reveals only one of the sides .
Although it is favourable that immigrants learn English , Mr Obama has recently seen this issue as insignificant , when he proclaimed that we all need to stop disagreeing about the wording of the laws in English .
Anyway , despite all these arguments , the map winner for democrats is George Bush .
We have already seen this kind of attitude in several similar cases .
The movement has spread to other ports of the Atlantic coastline and the Channel , for example to Sables d ' Olonne , in the Vendée , where fishing boats were idle , or at Le Havre , where twenty vessels have blocked ship movements of trade .
It is the day of the release of OpenOffice.org.3.0 , the open source suite of personal productivity applications which aims to reach more users , at home offices , professionals in the public administration , proposing a free alternative to the famous Microsoft Office .
In the same way , the Ministry of Culture of Andalusia has bought eight hundred copies of " Journal of a poet recently married , " edited by Pedro Tabernero and illustrated by Jacobo Pérez-Enciso , to perpetuate the work of one of the most famous Andalusian poets .
Under the law , the secretariat to the Treasury will put in place a combined strategy : it can , at the same time , buy bad debts , securities on mortgages and bad mortgages and other types of " toxic " debts .
Germans of Cˇesky ´ Krumlov ask in the letter , the US president not to allow " sˇumavská zˇupa " ( region of forest in Southern Bohemia ) - annexed by Hitler under the Munich Agreement - to be made a part of Czechoslovakia .
For me , it was clear that I had to travel there some day .
" We know take back , " said Marcell Jansen .
On Monday , investors are worried again despite the agreement on the rescue plan , which is the largest in history , reached this weekend by the leaders of Congress .
Signs pointing out the danger to drivers are , according to him , already less effective .
The Brazilian aircraft manufacturer promises to deliver 215 planes this year despite the threat of recession that loom over the global economy .
No resistance on the part of employees has been recorded , ensures the Secretary-General : " It is a process shared by employees , and we had the cooperation of all " .
The Prime Minister does not exclude to trigger the elections before the end of the year
According to the testimony of the latter , it was to identify pensions and restaurants .
The English-called ' s tank but the awesome Marcel of Brussels stands out among all the other .
In fact , none of these companies worked , what the accused explained by the fact that they did not receive work .
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
The hopes of Düsseldorfois are based on Frankfurt .
Other admirers including neighbours for a long time , said they were happy with this shortcut simply because it is one of the last and oldest streets of the block .
The Chinese authorities have refused entry on their territory , and has therefore been forced to leave in Bangkok , the police Thaï and immigration officers have insisted that he is back in England .
The difference between these two groups is in fact that the emphasis was placed in a on the victory , while in the other , on failure .
Try not to excite the child before it goes to sleep .
This ' territory twice as big as France ' , ' is here , is in Quebec . '
Don ' t ever tell the child that you can listen to him at night to know his secret .
Depending on the capacity ( Max . 2 GB ) , you should not spend more than 1 100 kronor .
Those of Boulogne-sur-Mer have decided to wait for the holding of the meeting on Wednesday at the Ministry for deciding any actions .
The suspect in the double homicide of Ózd , a young man the corner 23-year-old , was remanded in custody , on Sunday .
The detainee , A. A. J. aged 28 years , has been in custody for committing the various crimes and will be judged in the next few hours .
The Court of Appeal for Competition ordered BSkyB to reduce its share of ITV from 17.9 % to less than 7.5 % .
" Without them , she would probably now a young woman happy , promising , and success . "
His message was precisely formulated , it came out of his lips in a persuasive manner .
New investigate the case of the US prosecutors .
The genial thug in the brilliant The Sting , winner of an Oscar for best film in 1973 .
Barely the plans had they been made public that the government of the Hessen said any participation of the Hellaba in them .
But Barrick Gold seems not to trust the public opinion and rejected the petitions and letters of support for the authors of Black Canada .
" Then , a gang of young whites would launch oranges and other objects at people sitting on the side " said Mr Franklin .
A way to characterise the emotional media campaign that the Ministry of Transport has the intention of launching on Wednesday .
Sheikh Hasina like Zhaleda Zia , denies the accusations against her .
However , as shown by the example of Mobilking in Poland , invest in a target group unusual can also be a good shot advertising .
" What works with drivers is the system of sugar and the whip .
Among the most affected by the closure , Emily Romaine is at the top with 82 cinemas single rooms lost , followed by the Tuscany ( 44 ) and Lombardy ( 41 ) .
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz .
Monday , the US House of Representatives rejected the draft supports the financial system , which it would have had to spend up to $ 700 billion ( nearly 12 bilions of Kcˇ ) .
But he said they do not feel good , and refused to go to London .
Public officials of Orange County wanted to build a five-way motorway through the town to replace the Boulevard Kennedy , the main street with two ways for the community .
People of Jersey have to pay more for their milk
The mobile operators is easily understandable , the entry of another operator would mean an increase of competition , would have led to lower prices and thus reducing their benefit .
Elena , Luca and other come together , Marco takes a last speech , explains the plan of attack .
It occupies the same function as your wife or your husband when you have to say something to your mother-in-law .
But precisely at this point intervened regulators , in developed countries , who defended not the interests of the mobile operators , but those of their clients .
" If we wanted to respect the law strictly and formally , the activity of a steward is against the law on the road , " said the spokesman for the Ministry of Transport Karel Hanzelka .
On the contrary , the mobile operators like to complain that the Czech market is extremely concurrenciez .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
It is annoying to see that the institutions that have had a prudent behavior … must now pay some of the bills institutions that were much less cautious .
Also in terms of price of flights , the trend was on the rise in the first quarter .
Of Kristoffer Klein . Enlarge . Hard landing for international player Marko Marin .
Yes and no .
On demand , the installation CD can be shipped to home or work address .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risks " .
Defeat the laws of gravity thanks to a super glue and , in the future , walk on the walls like Spiderman .
Of New Yorkers any have become very familiar to the world of finance in recent weeks .
I already knew thanks to my mangas .
The search for the essence and the magic has been the constant of this work that is now on exhibit at the El Fotómata gallery .
During the investigation , it was revealed that the 23-year-old man owed a lot of money to a man of 53 years .
" However , it has not led to any conclusion on this point .
The talks had turned into a sprint in the last few hours for fear of the fact that would cause another failure on investor sentiment .
Which is shocking is concord almost touching the three mobile operators , which stems from their reactions .
Monica Cruz , who has presented to the shop with a pair of trousers and a shirt — its own collection , and for the dinner was a roll up our sleeves in Little long sexy and black dress , has moved when during the night visit to the opera , accompanied by Goya Toledo , they have shown the Chamber of repetitions of ballet and bearing in mind the good old days , it has taken a bar and it made a gesture of a large is complied .
" Eatonville , first black to integrate fully city , home of childhood of Zora Neale Hurston , this description that it did in 1935 , is not so easy to make these days . " The city in five lakes , three short of croquet , 300 skins foncées , 300 good swimmers , full of goyaves , two schools and not in prison .
The next morning , we have had the pleasure of seeing Olivier Martínez – another fine man who drives a motorbike - and John Travolta , who arrived at the intercontinental Hotel in Paris , with its into , goats and asked in advance , that there are no smell in his bedroom .
For the moment , Microsoft is more interested in the launch of its own online services to become an alternative to Google .
Despite these changes , the main idea of the programme , which was to obtain finance to buy bad mortgage securities , whose value chuta , because hundreds of thousands of Americans are unable to pay their mortgages , was maintained .
Wednesday 1 October 2008 will noted in the history of Prazˇsky ´ Dopravní podnik ( the transport agency of Prague ) as the date on which passengers in the metro , the trams and buses will have , instead of a ticket on paper , an electronic coupon in their pocket .
On the value of the dependant society , the Hypo Real Estate must proceed with amortization which should have a real effect on the calculation of gains and losses , but which still remains unclear .
It is a central point but also an example of rural culture black sudiste- a few times scorned , other times acclamée- reminiscent of the birth of slavery .
This face through the ages , it was him .
" I have changed , I do not want to take risk " .
Two former ministers from two different parties , Pierre Corbeil and Michel Létourneau ( former Member of the Party of Quebec of Ungava ) , have already begun consultations with thirty communities .
According to internal rules of the society , new services are not announced until they can be used . What is certain is that in the coming months and years , they are going to move the world on new points . While some believe that the draft scanning and filing of books and magazines by Google is reaching a dimension so large that the company will soon face the Supreme Court of the United States ; others tremble before its Health system , because in it , we can build a comprehensive medical benefit from our results of previous studies , our doctors and our problems .
Indeed , each of them explained the phenomena found at auctions by the pleasure of winning and the show in front of the risk .
Barack Obama ' s proposals on education is an interesting example .
Even after the accident , the director does not consider their job as a risky job .
It is an essential part of Japanese teenage vocabulary and means " cute " .
Debate : Bilingue left in the English language
We have said that this is a distortion benign , that is why there is no treatment , unless it is linked to a distortion of sleep that can be treated ( for example , if it is linked to a apnée of sleep or of stress ) .
The supply of operators is unfortunately miserable and it is limited , in most cases , the radio tubes quickly facts .
At the end of trade , the stock exchange of Prague bascula in the negative
The multinational trade and tourism has also indicated that the actions will not be sold to Thomas Cook .
Instead of a new Pearl Harbour , as the billionaire Warren Buffett , it is more appropriate to speak with a second 11 September .
According to the calculations of scientists , black matters accounts for a fifth of the mass of the universe .
According to the statistics , between 30 % and 75 % of drivers arrested for having led more than once drunken driving , includes the car .
American legislators effectuèrent a turning point in the talks on the adoption of a rescue plan in the form of financial aid of EUR 700 billion dollars ( about 12 billion kroner ) , given the US financial system .
I have lived in Rome for 25 years , and when I pass by the Rialto , or Quirinal of Via Nazionale , now closed , where I have shared so many emotions , I turn to the other side to avoid seeing the panels blackened by the dust .
Kinga Göncz think there is a good chance that the 12 January , the Hungarian-US visa waiver to enter into force , which is what the foreign minister said in Chicago , before the leaders of the Hungarian community .
The choice is wide .
In 2010 , it will be necessary to pay the interests of the whole year , which may double .
The driver of the last to try to avoid it through a sudden move , but he fell short by his right side .
In all cases , progress hinges on the nervous system as we gauge it in rats and Man .
Haider is prepared to govern Austria , to prevent the coalition of red and black .
The Republican senator said that in the proposal , are mentioned the creation of a committee of control of the Treasury and the cap of redundancy payments senior leaders , and that he was personally very attached to these points .
" The principle of the glue can be imagined as a series of tubes prepared as a pile of spaghetti . " Explains Zhong Lin Wang of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta .
Gioacchino Piromalli , the former mediator between the clan and public administrations , and his younger son and lawyer , namesake of the boss , already condemned for criminal association with the mafia , and to pay 10 million euros , were also arrested .
This will allow children to have a more peaceful sleep .
It is not what the American people have mandated , this does not protect the taxpayer dollars - said the Member Republican of California , Darrell Issa .
For some , it is linked to the " safety of work " .
A fight taken to extremes : MP3 players against the mobile .
Other operators also refer to the specific nature of the Czech market .
And perhaps we continue to call more expensive than in the rest of Europe .
It is a group of elected Republicans that wrecked the first draft agreement last week .
According to the prime minister , it will be necessary to find " a special solution to the Temple Mount , the sacred and historical sites " located within the old city .
Given the nature of the mobile market in RT , it is clear that the entry of a player would submit further , and especially its services , high demands . "
The publication of " Journal of a poet recently married " concludes the Triennat
Free speech - the Orwellian discourse of Barrick Gold
In a comparison of 12 months , taking into account the domestic sales of processing sectors , the price of the oil processing sector has been rising the most significantly ( 32.4 percent ) .
This campaign costing 150 million will appear on television , radio , cinema , on the Internet , but also on leaflets .
This is what has been communicated by the Egyptian state television , the Arab television channel Al Arabija and the Italian media .
You can listen to the four new versions on the server iHNed.cz .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
Even the new term sought by the Lega to curb immigration and facilitate the return of illegal immigrants , is cited as evidence of climate change in Italy .
The course of the obligations , however , are particularly well .
It is , however , a fact that search terms are not only made , but in justified cases , they are sent to a third party , and in this type of case , by law , nothing protects the personal rights of Internet users .
The majority of invoices was created by István Lados and his accomplice András O ˝ ri , which according to our information , was involved in drafting the files needed to obtain subsidies .
The chairman of the directorial committee of HRE Mr Funke explained that the group Hypo Real Estate should not have to resort to the financial markets in the mid term .
Two years ago , more candidates among these companies doomed always been to the traditional energy rely on marine energy .
However , I do not think so .
" By their nationality of the European Union , the Roma must be assured of their right to quality education , and be protected from a low-quality education and sectarian said . " - Lívia Járóka .
People non-resident , as Rachelle Munson , a lawyer who frequent our church depuis1993 , began to come in large numbers , and residents were beginning to reconsider the past .
" Chevron is currently studying the technology on energy océanique- said the spokesman of a parent company the colossus American oil tanker , the business daily Wall Street Journal- and assess the potential to cooperate with us . "
Has the opportunity to its tenth anniversary , Google says that we can find at the bottom of the pockets of the people in the same way that the sky above their heads . He knows where they spent their holiday , which experts they should consult and what are their interests .
Forced integration , among other things , put an end to the isolation relatively idyllic of the community .
America pleases less without Paul Newman
The one who wants to hide something , or at least , to try to circumvent the monopoly of Google , can do it ( by using , for example , Scroogle , which uses Google ' s search engine , while intentionally leaving no trace ) .
Vending machines which will operate from tomorrow , are easy to use .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
To Elena , this is the first time , Luca already the third or fourth time .
Jersey Dairy has announced that it will increase the bulk price of its milk , to five pence per litre , from Monday .
Child when she lived in Coventry , Trerise had committed and bandée before the force of sexual acts , while his mother worked at the pub .
The phenomenon had already manifested itself a few days ago , with the vote in the House of Representatives , contrary to the rescue plan of $ 700 billion approved by the White House : a significant number of Americans were , and still are , more interested in punishing Wall Street than saving the US economy .
" We believe that it is easier to monitor someone who remains in the United Kingdom because we have devices able to manage any potential risks , much more effective .
Immediately after the takeover of bad debts , the government will be aggressive way to ensure that the amount paid to the leaders should not be exaggerated .
Especially as it is relatively saturated from the point of view of the offer of services . "
On the other hand , no legal prescription prohibits carriers from offering services .
Obama wins the points in the first televised duel
The police is examining the weapon and the circumstances of its use with the help of experts .
Its beautiful daughter out Plymouth .
There is a lot of similarities between their symptoms . The inflammation of the liver and jaunisse are characteristic , but pathogens and diseases caused differ .
" The mayor of Gioia Tauro was prepared to standardise the choice of the Town Hall in favour of the Piromalli clan . "
All lies with it , " he says .
Following the reports by Gélineau and Krever , two suppliers were created in Canada : Héma-Quebec to serve Quebec and the Canadian company of blood to supply all other provinces and the two territories .
Internet users mindful of human rights have been able to breathe a sigh of relief in May , when Google , jointly with the organization of electronic legal protection EFF , has proved its right to court to the FBI . According to the ruling , in the future , Google will still not be bound by any of the points of the constitution to disclose information of any kind on the request of the FBI .
Journalists are not hard to see where will the web .
But not to take advantage of the taxpayers ' .
She had an exciting life , a pioneer of the rights for women , like Isadora Duncan , Virginia Woolf or Sarah Bernhardt .
The beauty in his blue eyes was long considered his trump card , while some called it his weakness .
Battery life is also crucial
The European tourists kidnapped in the Sahara are visibly free .
I am not at all of the kind of person who loves speak to people , particularly in front of a class of 40 pupils .
But from an office , which must represent the interests of consumers and other also take care to ensure that no one takes its position on the market , such a statement is confusing .
He received a nice ovation . "
This case highlights what the New York Times defines as the " paradox of the North " : The northern regions are both those where " more integration and more work , " but also " an anti-immigrant the height of the country and the most important support for the Northern League "
In his fight with the second bull , after a fight much better , it was done to make by most of the public .
Ms Mikels , contrary to the bilingual education , has affirmed " we had a great success with a student who had just arrived from Mexico , 12 months after , if you go without his class , you would have had no chance to identify . "
We have already led the negotiations about that possibility several times with all the Czech mobile operators .
In any case it is a phenomenon little studied .
But before the course begins , it was for me to appear .
He will meet the Foreign Minister , Condoleezza Rice , to whom he will confer the Commander ' s Cross with the Star of the Order of merit of the Hungarian Republic , and will have an interview with the foreign policies of the presidential candidates , Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain .
And thus , it is the government of each state that all expect the speeches , plans to rescue and recovery , the new rules , and especially the affection of appropriations : When one is going through a difficult period , there is that the Member with the economic resources , the mass of financial resources able to try to put things in place .
The bond market has risen sharply .
" We have not escort . We object from the beginning .
The Police accuses the right-wing extremists had desecrated an Austrian Muslim cemetery , at the end of the victory of political parties of the extreme right wing the general election of the country .
There are not only 1,000 but 1001 ways to forget the chaos and the frenzy of daily life .
Finally , Günther Merl , chairman of the directorial committee of the Hellaba , voted against any business strategy involving a merger with his bank .
Remember that in the first match of the series on Friday , the Impact had suffered a defeat of 2-1 at Starfire Complex , in Tukwila , in a suburb of Seattle .
" It would have been given to the clan -écrivent the juges- to enter officially in the halls facilitating the possibilities , already considerable , control and orientement of the public administration "
" People were always happy to see Zora " he said .
The material , invented by the team of researchers , is a development of a special structure of carbon , called nano tubes of carbon .
According to the Czech press , the stock exchange of Vienna , the transatlantic exchange , the Nasdaq Stock Exchange of New York , the stock exchange in London and Deutsche Börse have all made offers to date .
The CˇTÚ ( The Czech Office of telecommunications ) , which pointed out that the price of an SMS here was higher than in the rest of the Union , has confirmed the fact .
This is what we think is the most contributions from the point of view of customers .
Five hundred American journalists have been arrested by the Pew Research Center about the status of their profession and mental control for the future .
Those who will begin to use the shop online can forget once and for all the counters in the underground stations , where they would stand impatiently in long lines in order to obtain tickets on paper .
Cooperation in question , is a permit discussed by the Committee for energy , needed to give rise to a marine energy in Alaska .
The study - The US journal of Science published the discoveries of some researchers from the University of Dayton , of Akron , the Georgia Institute of Technology and the Air Force Research Laboratory .
Bills set deliberately
Go in circle , on three large screens , clichés spectacular hydroelectric generation , mining , Quebec seen by " Google Maps " , maps , etc .
What we call as " afraid " is therefore the mental state in which we find ourselves when the activity of the localised defence system in the brain ( or its aftermath , as the reactions of the body ) absorbs of memory live .
On the contrary , he promised to run in Berlin .
For travellers , it is advisable to be vaccinated against the virus A and B. It is no vaccine against the C .
On both sides , there were , of course , those who have expressed their doubts about the plan .
Tecnologie to point .
The fact is that dividends have been cut .
The first $ 350 billion , as was the wish of President George Bush , must be available as soon as possible .
Today , the systems such as those in Portugal , or some in Scotland , are small size , and do not seem to create major problem in the ecosystem .
The Guilvinec , the ' crisis ' committee should decide on Tuesday of follow-up to the movement and its participation in lentrevue at the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries in Paris .
For now , however , it is impossible to say with certainty when the two chambers of the US Congress will come to a vote , or if the negotiations will not be blocked , at the last moment by some unforseen problem .
Goodbye old cinema Paradiso , cities éliment historical rooms .
Impressive .
The magic wand consists in the fact that the company made before the operator is a customer classic company , which commands a large quantity of SIM cards .
Open Office is made up of five main : Writer modules for video writing equivalent of Word ; Calc , is the Road calculation which aims to replace spreadsheet ; Impress , for the rival of PowerPoint presentations ; Dbase , such as the famous Access , is the programme which allows us to work on the databases ; finally Drwa is the module graph .
" Sangre de Mayo , " the dared say of Garci
None of the Czech operators has a dominant position on such a market .
The data of victims on the work seem to point out a small positive trend , but this does not mean that the number of dead white is impressive " said later the President of the Anmil Pietro Mercandelli .
" Everything was perfect .
In the manufacture of metallurgical products , we have seen an increase in the price of 13.2 percent , while in the important area of food production , drinks and tobacco , prices rose 11 percent .
The implementation has missed .
" Paul Gadd was not present when " .
Nancy Pelosi , chairman of the House of Representatives , said Sunday that there are serious hopes that the House vote on the bill as early as Monday .
According to the latest survey of Sunia , the union of tenants , rent a room simple can cost a student , up to 900 euro in Milan , 700 in Florence , 650 in Naples , 600 in Rome .
Prospective " the global equity , interest rates and exchange markets , has become uncertain " wrote analysts at Deutsche Bank in a letter to investors . "
Already on Saturday afternoon , the fans are hailed themselves , the blue sky above the fray and the provisional league tables on the giant screen that showed their club as the first of the class .
The police began their chase until the vehicle stopped two miles up the road , where the two occupants got down to flee into a forested area .
Limitation of golden parachutes
The film a period of more than two and a half hours , " Sangre de Mayo " will make its way out to cinemas on Friday , which will become a TV series for Telemadrid of more than four hours .
" However , once I have the impression that this is a risky job , I will remove it .
In this case , it is still of someone who speaks with the heart and not with the brain .
The street is in the East Village and driving north of First Street- not to be confused with Second Street- between Bowery and Second America .
It was Buddhist and végétarienne and plaida for the abolition of a corset that prevented the free movement of women .
Not surprisingly , the Republican and Democratic campaign headquarters have declared their own victory in the televised duel which would have been followed by a third of American families .
It comes after 14 months of a crisis triggered by the bursting of the housing bubble , which has led to the collapse of sub-prime mortgages before spreading to other more widespread forms of credit securities ( PCAA ) and lead to a freezing of liquidity and to an exodus of banks and financial institutions .
" A woman is dead . "
Admit some have not even voted : " What good , because they will do what they want my voice , " said a young .
" It is much more important than the congressmans agree , as early as this week , they support the plan and they will devote as soon as possible .
In most cases , this is the potential power represented by the company that can generate fear , – not to be mistaken for compunction ; fear of punishment , the desire for freedom or the possibly of revolt against the power that can generate a counter-reaction in Internet users .
The 500 reporters who were interviewed admitted to resorting to technology hoping that it would " do something good " for their journalism .
CSU : Thanks for a period of transition
The mobile market in the Czech Republic is relatively advanced , our operators proposing virtually the same services that their partners in western Europe .
The Nobel Prize for the economy has been attributed to the American Paul Krugman for his research on the models of trade and the location of business .
These devices have dedicated music player buttons , and consequently have ease of use closer to that of a regular MP3 player .
The Prime Minister said that the Government of Quebec would be very attentive to them and that the project would benefit them , particularly young people .
Although the President can veto this decision , Congress has the right to put it in a minority .
Investment in early education of Roma children means a strengthening of the economy of the Member States of the European Union .
Researchers in neurology and economy of the University of New York have managed to update the neurological basis of this behaviour and economic known and apparently irrational .
One hand , the conscience of the objective need of authoritarian leadership , the search for a person who will take control of the situation .
For 40 years , sociologists announced that they have been misled about the pace , but secularization , the results of education and the establishment of North German and in the region of Bavaria , could not remain without consequences on the loyalty of voters CSU .
The 19 participants of the excursion in the desert should already be on the way to Cairo .
" Everything depends on whether the coach has in its approval , permission to propose standing places .
And I believe that we can always dreamed of becoming the host city for the 2016 Olympic Games ..
At the same time , in Europe , we had further proof of the global nature of the crisis .
On trade terms , the stock exchange of Prague fell
Embraer maintains its forecasts for delivery in 2008
The latest James Bond , the English Daniel Craig , noted that no James Bond died before him .
The shares of Goldman Sachs Bank showed a drop of almost 10 % .
In Quebec , the committee Gélineau has fulfilled this mandate .
Negotiations to ransom are already underway .
" Mercandelli then denounced " the gradual deterioration of the conditions of safeguarding of compensation for the victims of work " and the " drift of assistance to which the system is moving in recent years " .
It seems to be clear that it is better to buy only a telephone .
" I feel responsible for his death . "
I now come to the second new feature , which provides a fracture .
According to the calculations of scientists , black matters accounts for a fifth of the mass of the universe .
The author of " The city and the dogs ' was the most waited for man at the third edition of the festival and has fulfilled his contract .
His fans saw him again in 1994 in The Hudsucker Proxy of the Coen brothers .
The biological clock does not scare me .
The journey costs 75 euros , including the welcome pot of Kaiser beer brewed according to the law of Bavarian purity , insurance and a responsible for the group speaking German - Marco has taken a language courses in Frankfurt .
AAC ( the format used by Apple and its iPods ) , meanwhile , is less current .
They are several waiting in the hangar at the airport near the red carpet and a military row of 27 marine soldiers .
The interests of the loan will be paid by all companies that collect the money of savers , including 59 societies of the building .
In the end , read the mangas , that is what I prefer already for years .
How can I get my toddler to drink more water ?
How can I " time-stamp " my data without publishing it ?
How do I make my dog forget a command ?
What ' s the correct way to store fats ?
How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk ?
What is the best oil to use when cooking in a wok ?
How can I figure out why my washing machine is tripping the GFCI receptacle ?
What should I look for in a running shoe ?
Should I cash out my IRA to pay my student loans ?
Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport ?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads ?
Does a UK Citizen with a foreign passport need a Visa to enter the UK ?
How can I locate and repair a break in a circuit ?
How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment ?
What is the best way to fix this garage floor ?
What does it mean by a " research university " ?
How important is a catchy first paragraph ?
How can I remove a portion of a hardwood floor board ?
How to strengthen calf muscles ?
How to cite a letter in an anthology ?
What ' s the best way to store unused sushi rice ?
What is a good substitute for ground veal ?
What does the origami represent in Blade Runner ?
How to create a workout plan ?
Is there a bus from Tbilisi , Georgia to Thessaloniki , Greece ?
How do I motivate my colleagues ?
OK we are all adults here , so really , how on earth should I live without bidet ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How does velveting work ?
How do I recognize if a dish cannot be cooked in a gas oven ?
What is the most important survival tool I should have when in the wilderness ?
What is the process for PhD applications and contacting professors in France ?
How can I replace a recessed light with a ceiling fan ?
How can I explain to my boss that I am not able to complete a task ?
What is the best way to store homemade sauces ?
Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
Can I do anything to make my gas oven better ?
How should I prepare a sub-floor for porcelain tile ?
Does one need to fill in a form for a Visa On Arrival ?
How do I install a bathroom exhaust system ?
What does " To book in house " mean ?
How can I stop sweaty hands ?
How to build disassemblable structure ?
Do I need to write a bibliography ?
How to get rid of this shed ?
How to I make my dog understand that I want him to go to a certain spot ?
Is it possible to replace a ceiling fan speed controller with a switch ?
How long can I keep a leg of ham in the fridge ?
What is the correct way to read a gas meter ?
How can I put my resume online when I already have a job ?
How do I fix a door frame that my dog chewed ?
How much copying is okay ?
Do I need a visa to transit India ?
How can I prevent my ferrets from chewing on wires ?
How can I replace my light fixture with a ceiling fan ?
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy ?
How do I connect the wires to this USB receptacle ?
What type of faucet is this ?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale ?
What does the conversation mean ?
How do I maintain a good relationship with an employer after resigning ?
How can I tell if my cat is pregnant ?
Do I need a transit visa for a stop in London ?
Where could water be coming from inside the joint between bathtub and wall tiles ?
What are the pros and cons of storing bread in various locations ?
How to get rid of weevils ?
How long should it take to get a Russian passport ?
How do I install this sump basin ?
What visa do I need to visit my uncle in the UK ?
How do I clean a pasta maker ?
Can I use my dehydrator to raise bread ?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?
How do I make my dog forget a command ?
Where can I find the dividend history for a stock ?
How can I add tile to my fireplace ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland if I have a Schengen visa ?
What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp ?
Is it safe to travel to Kiev at the moment ?
How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment ?
What is this Chord Notation ?
What ' s the meaning of " first-page-first order " ?
Drinking how much water is considered too much water ?
How do I connect a ceiling fan without a light kit ?
How to teach a toddler how to treat a book ?
How can I get my dog to stop being so sensitive to noise ?
How should I connect to a short ground wire in a metal box ?
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country ?
Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How can I replace a single switch with two switches ?
How does the number of eggs affect a cookie recipe ?
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Luanda ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
How do I prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it ?
How do I get rid of this mould ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
What does " respectively " mean in the Tenth Amendment ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How do I wire a bath fan ?
Why is there no hot water in the kitchen ?
How can I get rid of mosquitoes ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when travelling in the grace period of a J1 visa ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
How can I stop my dog from peeing on our neighbor ' s door ?
How to address a person in a letter ?
What is the difference between a bond and a debenture ?
How do I fill a gap between my hearth and the hardwood frame around it ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How do I wire a switch when the wire colors do not match ?
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
How do I know when it ' s time to change a tube on my amplifier ?
What is the difference between a diphthong and a glide ?
Is it appropriate for a TA to say " My Students " ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR ( UK ) ?
Visiting Korea as an Indonesian citizen with a US student visa : Do I need a visa for Korea ?
Can I pay a collection agency in a way that will improve my credit score ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How can I paint a concrete floor ?
Which survey software to use ?
I want to make my own cheese . How do I get started ?
Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama ?
What is type of screw is this ?
How do I track 401k rollovers in Quicken ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
What kind of trade is this ?
Is it normal for a cat to eat moths ?
What is the origin of the black / devil riders ?
Should I resubmit a rejected paper to the same journal ?
What should I ask as an applicant in a job interview ?
How do I remove mildew from a tent ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How can I make an exterior door ?
Should I remind recruiters about my job application status ?
How can I help a dog to lose weight ?
Can I travel to Finland with a multiple entry visa issued for Italy ?
What is the difference between a complication / twist and a situation ?
UK income tax & charitable donations : How much is income tax reduced by donations ?
How can I replace the seal on the bottom of my shower door ?
Do I need a transit visa ?
How can I make an exterior door ?
Semantic logic of the word " both " in English - different from " and " ?
What kind of glass is this ?
Will I Need a Transit visa or ESTA for the US as a Canadian ?
Do I need a UK airside transit visa , if I already have a UK visitor visa ?
How much thinset is enough ?
What should I look for in a rope for climbing ?
How long should you keep Salami for ?
Can I apply for US visa while I am a visitor in Canada ?
Should I look for a new job ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
How does leverage work ?
Is it safe to replace a switch with a dimmer on halogen spots ?
How can I determine why my lights are flickering ?
Transit Visa in the UK ?
How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it ?
Do I need to install a sump pump ?
Layover at Narita , Japan . Do I need a transit visa ?
How can I remove a jammed , broken key from a lock ?
What should I look for in electronic measurement of body composition ?
How long can formula be stored in fridge and freezer ?
How do my wife and I stop our son from learning to swear from us ?
What is the difference between a conservatory and an orangery ?
How to deal with dreaded tasks ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
How do I teach my toddler not to stuff her cheeks with food ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
How can I convince my boss I am the right person to lead a future team ?
Do I have to validate train tickets in the UK ?
Do I need to ground my pool ?
How do I install a ceiling fan remote ?
How can I move a drain line ?
Do you have to have a thermostat for an electrical baseboard heater ?
How can I connect my 30 amp electric dryer to a 50 amp plug ?
What visas do I need for traveling to South East Asia if I ' m a Canadian Citizen ?
How can I replace the bulb in this ceiling fan ?
How do I fix a vinyl covering that is coming away from the outside deck support beam ?
What is the value to a student of a professor offering to supervise their PhD ?
How long does cooked pasta last in the fridge ?
What are the small white ants in my apartment and how do I get rid of them ?
Will getting a second credit card help my credit rating ?
As a student , how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them ?
How long should you keep Salami for ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
What are the different types of drywall anchors , and what are the advantages of each ?
How can I tell if my microphone is broken ?
How can I reduce the noise from a bathroom fan ?
Difference between an ' Abstract ' and an ' Introduction ' in a feature article ?
How do you open a coconut ?
What are the pros and cons of doubling on two brass instruments ?
How can I store chopped onions in the fridge without the smell ?
Flying from California to Texas : do I need ESTA ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
Should I replace or patch a plaster ceiling ?
What are the principles of improvisation in Indian music ?
How does leverage work ?
What should I do if a professor says she doesn ' t understand my questions in office hours ?
What Steps Should I Take to Troubleshoot My Gas Oven ?
What are my lighting options for a pole-barn garage ?
What can I do to make my writing less choppy ?
Can I travel within the US with an expired visa ?
How should I translate this ?
How do I wire a ceiling fan ?
How do I stop my dog from barking at people through the fence ?
How hard is it for a graduate from Canada to find an employment in the US ?
How should I store steaks in the freezer ?
Do I tell recruiter whose offer I will decline , the details of the offer that I have accepted ?
What went wrong with my brownies ?
How does leverage work ?
How to make good coffee in a Moka pot ?
What are some materials that I can use to build a chalkboard ?
Travelling to Romania on a short stay Schengen visa issued by France ?
What is the motivation for a graduate student to help to develop a professor ' s MOOC ?
Should I be flexible or decisive if asked when I ' m available for an interview ?
Is it more difficult to score a Tenure Track position in the US when applying from outside ?
Is it advisable to apply to more than one PhD program ?
How to decide if an advisor should be considered as a co-author of a paper or not ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What is the professional way to deal with my manager ' s boss ?
Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
What is the best way to treat a jammed finger ?
Do I require a transit visa for Cuba ?
How do I highlight my portfolio when applying to jobs that just ask for cover letter and CV ?
What was the average size of French families during the Middle Ages ?
What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?
What should I look for in a good metronome ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How can I train my dog to behave for grooming ?
How is income earned on a J1 student visa taxed ?
How do we help our toddler to sleep through the night ?
What should I consider before wearing Google Glass to a job interview when I do development for them ?
How can I find out my credit-score ?
How do I raise my box bed ?
What should I look for in a new kitchen knife set ?
What is the best way to store chopped vegetables ?
How to check the status of an application for a UK work visa for an Indian ?
What does overhead rate mean ?
Put onto a project I don ' t want to do . How can I tell my boss ?
Why does my cat ' s sneeze contain blood ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country ?
Is there a name for the inverse of the impostor syndrome ?
What kind of lightbulb is this ?
How can I learn how to focus better ?
How can I fix a leaking sprinkler valve ?
What could be wrong with my dryer timer ?
Do I need a transit visa ?
What ' s the difference between the Lao vowel letters " ໄ " and " ໃ " ?
Moved to a new country and not enjoying the new job , should I look for a new one ?
How to get rid of cellulite ?
What is the best way to store carrots ?
Should I apply for PhD program this year after one semester of research experience , or wait another year ?
What is the best way to store energy ?
What do I need to do to get a master ' s degree in neuroscience ?
What could be causing my AFCI to trip ?
Is it okay to give a gift to my research mentor who happens to be the dean ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How can I find out how much a dealer would really pay for my car ?
Why was the Avengers movie called something different in the UK ?
Is it normal for a kitten to have a big belly ?
Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
What happened at the end of Her ?
What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer ?
What ' s the best way to avoid slipping on ice ?
How can I remove small paint specks from a wooden floor ?
How to politely tell my boss that I want to take on a different role ?
What should I do if I feel the pilot is guiding the flight in the wrong direction ?
I found out that I have plagiarism in my published journal papers , what should I do now ?
Is it a bad idea to attend an interview for a job you don ' t plan to take ?
How do you keep a toddler safe around water ?
Why is interest on MMA lower in the US than in Europe ?
How do I reheat a casserole in the microwave ?
Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia ?
What is the difference between a school and a department ?
What is the difference between customs and immigration ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
What is a timeshare ?
How do I stop toothpaste from piling up on the cover ?
What ' s the best way to replace this sink supply line ?
As a student , how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
What kind of water filter do I need ?
How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle ?
Calculate savings from / cost-effectiveness of installing a tankless hot water heater ?
What could be wrong with my A / C unit ?
Do i need a transit visa for Paris if i have a Schengen visa issued by Portugal ?
Can a new company see how much you ' re being paid ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What is the significance of the abstract painting ?
Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport . Do I need to apply for a visa ?
What is the rationale behind the choice of animation style for The Clone Wars series ( 2008-2014 ) ?
How do I wire a ceiling fan with a light kit ?
Should I tell my boss I have a full time job offer ?
What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What could be wrong with my A / C unit ?
How should I translate this ?
How much do I need to sleep ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
Is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation ?
What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin ?
Can I use Romex in an unfinished basement or attic ?
Why is my bread so dense and moist ?
Canadian income tax & charitable donations : How much is income tax reduced by donations ?
Where can I find a complete list of Freddie Green chords ?
What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer ?
What ' s the difference between a Flanger and a Phaser ?
How long should it take concrete to fully cure ?
My boss wants to buy me a gift . How do I account for taxes for this ?
When is MSG suitable and when is it not ?
How do I teach my toddler not to stuff her cheeks with food ?
How long will cold brew keep ?
What does " The Middle " refer to in the TV show " The Middle " ?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?
Does my story beginning hook the reader ? ( dialogue + narration ) ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
How do I install a garden door that ' s thicker than the wall ?
How can I remove this screw ?
How to remove mold from Styrofoam ceiling tiles ?
A colleague owes me money . How do I / should I claim it back ?
Is it appropriate to ask a professor via e-mail for a letter of recommendation ?
What are some good alternative shoes for strength training ?
Should I appear in a test , if I have not completely prepared for it ?
How to go from Gilimanuk to Denpasar ?
Which ferry from China to South Korea is the cheapest ?
How do I patch a large hole in plaster and lath ?
How can I smooth out a poor drywall repair ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
What is the difference between splicing and superimposition ?
What should I look for in a running shoe ?
How do I seal an electrical box for a ceiling fan ?
How can I remove a coffee stain from carpet ?
Put onto a project I don ' t want to do . How can I tell my boss ?
What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine ?
How high should I make my yurt platform ?
How do I apply ear medicine to my dog ' s ears ?
Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area ?
For publications , what do I do when my first name is abbreviated ?
What trigger do you use to get up early in the morning ?
Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired ?
What could be causing GFCI breakers and receptacles to trip ?
How can I repair a ground-fault ?
How do I wire 2 switches to control a ceiling light ?
How long will uncooked chicken keep in the fridge ?
How can I get my colleague to stop calling me over to his desk when he wants my help ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
Which UK tourist visa should I apply for ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
When ( if ever ) in the interview process is it appropriate to recommend a colleague ?
What is the difference between " mince " and " dice " ?
How should I level the ground for my above ground pool ?
How do I effectively remove dog hair from carpets ?
What kind of valve is this and how do I disconnect it ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
What is " mud-jacked " , and why is it not done in the UK ?
How to remove a ticks on my dog ?
Is it possible for me to take a visa to Vienna and travel to Prague ?
Why does cheese sometimes slide off my pizza and how can I prevent it ?
Do I need both a UK visa and a Schengen visa ?
Protein : How much is too much ?
Can I run a copper pipe for water in an exterior wall without it freezing in the winter ?
How to prevent my dog from barking constantly when I am not at home ?
Do I need a UK transit visa for flying to the Canary Islands ?
How to deal with problems associated with dyslexia ?
What should I do if I have an idea but can ' t work on it immediately ?
How do I prepare this porous interior wall for paint ?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking ?
What happened at the end of The Grey ?
How should I store beansprouts ?
What type of connector is this and how do I remove it ?
How can I connect a receptacle to a two wire extension cord ?
How do I remove paint from pipes ?
What is Turkey Bacon ?
How to get rid of this shed ?
What are the pros and cons of a cultured marble tub ?
How much is too much damage ?
Is Greek driver ' s license valid in the US ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
How to make a roux ?
What kind of pie is this ?
Should I have separate business and personal accounts for my start up ?
When is it appropriate to work during a meeting ?
How should I build a low profile stud wall in a basement ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
What ' s the best way to store unused sushi rice ?
How can I help my dog ' s furuncles ?
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for Canada ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
What is the easiest way to open a foreign Bank Account ?
How do I replace a bathtub drain trip lever ?
Do I need to explain to my manager how I got a key to the business park ?
What is a chairleg camstud ?
Do I need an airport transit visa for layover in Germany ?
Do I really need to file an income tax return ?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey ?
Do I need a visa to visit Belarus if I have a Russian visa ?
What is a " wet edge " and how do I maintain one ?
Can I run water lines through the attic ?
During my re-interview , should I tell my supervisor and their boss that I am looking for another job ?
How long can you store the bones of a chicken in the refrigerator ?
Do I need a visa to Transit US ?
What exercises can I do to improve my timing ?
How can I make these bath valves easier to use ?
What is the first things to do when you start a new job ?
How do I prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint ?
What are the objective differences between the guitar and the piano ?
How long should you keep Salami for ?
What are the Pros and Cons of Trekking Solo ?
How do I clean teak oil off of a paint brush ?
Do I need a transit visa at Amsterdam to stay in airport ?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat ?
What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France ?
Is it possible to gut-load a mouse ?
How do I remove a thick layer of paint from tiles ?
How can I add tile to my fireplace ?
How do I install this flush-mount ceiling light ?
What is the current meaning of " Israel " ?
How can I remove paint from a deck ?
How can I improve air flow in my basement ?
What does the term " match the market " mean ?
How can I test a rabbit ' s vision ?
What is this Chord Notation ?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey ?
What are some stretching exercises for golf ?
How do I remove paint from pipes ?
What ' s the difference between a Flanger and a Phaser ?
What techniques can I use to remember to do simple things that are context sensitive ?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?
What is the difference between Melange and Cappuccino ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
How can I move a drain line ?
How can I thoroughly blackout a bedroom window on a budget ?
Do I need a transit visa if I have 9 hours of layover at Delhi airport ?
What is this language ?
Can I continue to travel within the US on an expired visa ?
Do i need a transit visa for heathrow airport ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
What is good workout attire for weight lifting ?
How to determine if a faucet is plastic or metal ?
How do I leave my job when I work for a recruiter ?
Do I need to apply for a visa to enter to South Korea if I already got Aus visa ?
Should I replace or patch a plaster ceiling ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Do I need a Japan visa ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
I want to run but have a bad knee . How should I deal with it ?
What is the most effective way to get rid of silverfish ?
How can I move a drain line ?
Highest runs that a batsman can score in an over ?
How to prepare for a race ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
Do words like " start " , " realize " , and " decide " add ambiguity to actions ?
What is the sound law to describe the etymology of “ helix ” and “ vulva ” ?
Besides water quality , what should I consider before adding more tropical fish ?
How to relax my wrists ?
How can I know if my cat is in pain ?
What could cause my in-wall air conditioner to blow 3 power boards ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
What options are there for consolidating a large amount of private student loan debt ?
What does " basis points " mean in this context ?
What can I realistically do to raise my credit score ?
Do I have to pay interest to increase my credit score ?
How do I install a water line for a refrigerator in a galley kitchen ?
What does " basis points " mean in this context ?
Will I need a transit visa for US as a Canadian Student Visa holder ?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads ?
How much meat is enough for my dog ?
What ' s the easiest way to find a vacation rental ?
What are these holes in my concrete wall and how can I mount things to them ?
What is the meaning of the apearance of dogs in the good the bad the ugly ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin ?
How can I thaw a frozen exterior drain quickly ?
How do I tell my boss I am moving to a different organization ?
What are the differences between a " traditional " IRA and a Roth IRA ?
How can I get my thermostat C wire connected ?
How to deal with the toddler when me and my partner are not on the same page ?
Where can I go take a nap during the day ?
How do I write a letter to a publisher ?
Why does my cat lick the fur off her lower belly ?
How do I wire a replacement ceiling fan ?
Where could the water leaching from the base of the drywall be coming from ?
Is it possible to overmarinade a steak ?
How can I determine how much to talk about my personal life with clients ?
How to ask management for more staff ?
What is the best way to start learning a new course ?
How can I fix low water pressure in one shower ?
Put onto a project I don ' t want to do . How can I tell my boss ?
How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows ?
How can I get rid of my I-94 ?
What ' s a good book for learning how to play the piano ?
Why isn ' t my mini fridge getting cold ?
How to get rid of this shed ?
What is the difference between department and faculty ?
Is there a huge difference between 1.6amp and 3amp power usage ?
Need to travel Tokyo in layover . Do I need transit visa ?
Can I go to visit Schengen countries with visa type D-mult ?
Is it possible to breed crickets ?
What could cause ceiling fan lights to flicker on with power and then go out immediately ?
What is the meaning of the butterfly ?
My wife is pregnant and I don ' t want to be part of it , what I should do ?
How should I make a budget ?
What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?
What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive ?
What is the difference between a biscuit and a roll ?
Can I use a wall tile on the floor ?
How long can I store cooked rice in the refrigerator ?
What is the meaning of the line at the end of Chinatown ?
What can I do about a Rough opening that is REALLY out of square ?
What ' s the best way to reheat frozen boiled potatoes ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What is the purpose of the crown in the middle of a router mounting plate ?
How can I help my dog ' s furuncles ?
What is the best way to travel from IST to Istanbul ?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush ?
What is the difference between SCI and SCIE ?
How to deal with dreaded tasks ?
How do we get an eight month old back to sleeping in his crib ?
Is there a difference between lifting for look / size / strength ?
What are the principles of improvisation in jazz music ?
How do I tell a colleague that I don ' t want to add him to Facebook ?
What are the arguments for and against over-practicing ?
Is it possible to get a Canadian visa without concrete plans ?
How can I improve my auto insurance score ?
How should I translate this ?
Lose weight or Gain Muscle ?
How to ask for an internal transfer ?
At what age should a child be able to dress herself ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
Can I travel within the US with an expired visa ?
What is the significance of the three Beggars ?
How can I make sure to get up early in the morning and study ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
How do I repair water-damaged hardwood floors ?
Can I replace broken clips in a recessed light fixture ?
How to truss a chicken ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
Why is there no water in the kitchen ?
Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia ?
How much outlining should I use in writing my book ?
What are these bugs and how do I get rid of them ?
Do I need a transit visa in Dubai ?
How do I get the butter out of my chocolate fondue ?
What should I do in a information call from the company of my interest ?
How do I paint art onto a wall ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do I remove adhesive from outdoor concrete deck that is textured ?
What are the pros and cons of using a nanny-cam ?
Which rep range contributes to the most hypertrophy of calves ?
Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring ?
How can I install an exterior electrical box flush in stucco ?
What is the difference between a riff and a lick ?
What ' s the difference between overtones and harmonics ?
What should I look for in a new car ( automobile ) ?
Is there a difference between ' Saucisson Sec ' and ' Salami ' ?
Is it safe to eat freshwater fish raw ?
What ' s the best way to replace this sink supply line ?
How do I reconnect a ceiling fan light chain ?
What is the best way to store oars ?
How do you teach a toddler not to share ?
How to properly insulate a garage ?
Can I use metal studs for framing a shed ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
How do I clean a pasta maker ?
Can anyone tell me what movie is this ?
How to buy train tickets in Indonesia ?
How should I respond to an inappropriate question in a job interview ?
Moving - when should I start looking for a new job ?
What is the difference between customs and immigration ?
Do I need a visa to transit in LHR ?
What is the proper way to store steak at home ?
How do I add a light to my existing ceiling fan ?
What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?
What is a good length for the statement of purpose in a U.S. PhD application ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How do I rebuild a large fence gate ?
Why isn ' t my garage door opener button working on new installation ?
How do I replace a drain stack ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
What type of snake is this ?
How long does it take for a US citizen to get a visa to travel to Israel ?
Is it unsafe to travel to Greece at this time ?
Do I need a transit visa going through the US ?
Can you claim child care expenses on your tax return in the UK ?
How do I remove multiple layers of paint from wooden entrance ledge ?
How can I clean powder of dry paint on carpet ?
What is the significance of the appearance of the wolf ?
What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven to Amsterdam ?
Do I need a transit visa through Italy from Romania to Algeria ?
How do I prepare an interior cement floor for painting ?
How to motivate students to complete work that I cannot frequently check ?
What ' s the best way to keep my garage from freezing ?
Is there a remote switch I can use to replace a switch located in a wall being removed ?
How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk ?
How do I let my old manager know I don ' t want to return to his team ?
What are the types of blood pressure measuring devices available ? What are their pros and cons ?
Where and how did the concept of " incorporation " originate ?
If I have Schengen visa , can I enter Schengen area from different country ?
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ?
how do I tell my boss I ' d like to work from home on a regular basis ?
What is the origin of Jataka tales ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
Do I need a transit visa for a stop in London ?
Why and how did sherlock fake his death ?
What do I need to work and travel in the US for 10 months as a Dutch citizen ?
How do I remove the front panel of my refrigerator to replace the water line ?
Does the spouse of British national with UK permanent residence need a Schengen visa to travel to France ?
How do I remove the cover from my light fixture ?
How does leverage work ?
What should I look for in a running shoe ?
What could be causing my bathroom drains to back up ?
How long can olives be left out of the refrigerator ?
How can I improve my writing fluency in English ?
What is the cheapest way to send books from USA to France ?
What is the best way to store ground coffee ?
How do I remove multiple layers of paint from wooden entrance ledge ?
How do I replace the front door on a stucco house ?
Do I need a Turkey transit visa for a layover ?
What Kind of Pan is This ?
How do you ween a toddler off of breastfeeding ?
What is the difference between " anaphora " and " deixis " ?
How should I apply for a Schengen visa from the UK ?
What is the cheapest way to go from Lyon ( France ) to Milan ( Italy ) ?
How can I move a drain line ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
How do I remove a stubborn element from a water heater ?
How can I check my credit score ?
Do I need a transit visa through Zurich with a Canadian visa ?
How do I prepare a hole for concrete ?
How can I get my dog get used to a new small environment ?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale ?
How can I get my toddler to drink more water ?
Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama ?
Can anyone tell me what kind of squash this is ?
How do I replace a GFCI receptacle in my bathroom ?
What is the proper term for the " year 0 " ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How do I teach my child to express his frustration ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
Is it normal to be so frustrated in one month of work and is that a sign to quit ?
Is it safe to leave cooked poultry at room temperature overnight ?
How can I get my dog to eat vitamins when she doesn ' t want to ?
What does " years of professional experience " entail or refer to ?
Do I need a visa to Transit US ?
Do I need a transit visa through London from India to Toronto ?
Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada ?
Where should I install a wall heater ?
What ' s the best way to attach a hook to the back of my metal gutters ?
How can I remove a lockset latch assembly that ' s stuck latched ?
What variety of coffee berries are good for jam ?
How can I develop my ideas ?
What should I look for in electronic measurement of body composition ?
What is the most effective plan to get abs ?
Do I need to get a visa for Turkey ?
What to do with a new mathematics conjecture ?
How do I do my daughter ' s hair ?
What does it mean to " boost your metabolism " ?
What ' s the best way to store rice long-term ?
How to make chapattis round and of same thickness ?
How should you deal with a teacher who is difficult to understand ?
Can I apply for a post-doc in global studies in North America ?
What is the best way to fix a crack in an acrylic bathtub ?
Do I need a transit visa in Zurich on the way to India ?
Do I need to keep paper records for my business ?
How can I make a sugar free strawberry syrup ?
How do I make mayonnaise split ?
How did Lori survive ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan with a regular light fixture ?
Do I need Transit Visa to visit London for 4-5 hours during layover ?
How do I present a product idea to my boss ?
Should I tell my employer if I ' m job shopping ?
How to deal with dreaded tasks ?
What ' s the best way to keep my garage from freezing ?
How can I wire a receptacle to a switch ?
Do I need a transit visa for Denmark in addition to my single entry Schengen area visa ?
How can I build a porch enclosure ?
How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish ?
What should my credit limit be ?
Is it advisable for US citizen to attempt a visit to Cuba w / o going through an agency ?
Is it okay to not connect the grounding wire to a ceiling box ?
How can I explain to potential employers that I am unable to provide a relieving letter ?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey ?
What ' s the best way to keep my garage from freezing ?
How do I say " I need company stock , or I ' m getting a new job " ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
Where do I have to travel to to see this house ?
How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows ?
How to respond to an unofficial PhD offer ?
How do I fix a door that ' s sticking closed ?
What could be causing my water heater inlet pipe to corrode ?
What is the difference between a concentration and a track within the major ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
What visa do I need to visit my uncle in the UK ?
How do I ask my colleagues to pay up for lunch ?
what kind of faucet is this and how do I take off handle ?
How can I safely practice trad climbing ?
What ' s the best / easiest way to install and wire a wall light ?
What to look for when choosing a dutch oven ?
What ' s the difference between " writer " and " screenwriter " professions ?
What is the best way to remove dried egg from a house ?
What should I look for in a ladder ?
What is the difference between a nation and a state ?
What ' s this rhythm called ?
Why isn ' t my 3-way dimmer setup working ?
How long does it take from Heathrow Airport to King ' s Cross Station , London ?
How do I reduce the acidity of homemade honey lemon juice ?
How can i do pull ups at home ?
How are trustees chosen ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
How should I connect a grounding wire from a device to this box ?
If I have Schengen visa , can I enter Schengen area from different country ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
How do I wire a new ceiling light with power to the ceiling and 3-way switches ?
How to apply for a Schengen business visa instead of a work visa ?
Can I travel to the UK if my Schengen visa expired ?
What is the difference between an amp and a head ?
Do I need a transit visa for London , UK ?
How should I remove a leech ?
Why is my furnace blowing hot air outside ?
Do I need both a UK visa and a Schengen visa ?
How do I tell my boss I am moving to a different organization ?
Can children learn up to 4 different languages ? And how to do it ?
Why and when does a skin form on heated milk and how can I prevent it ?
What sites can I use to crowdsource my writing project ?
How can I repair a leaking shower ?
How Long Can It Take For a Check I Write to Clear on My Account ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
It is Possible To Be A Long Distance Runner and have a Six Pack ? How ?
Do I need a transit visa for waiting 23 hours in Dubai airport ?
What is the difference between " State " and " Sovereign " in The Social Contract ?
What is the difference between a power slide and a hockey stop ?
What should I look for in a crib ?
Can anyone tell me what movie this is from ?
How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad ?
Where can I find a good online thesaurus ?
What to look for when choosing a new bathtub ?
How can I make sure I ' ll get credit for my work when working with unwanted and untrusted collaborator ?
How can I repair a chewed-through power cable ?
Why does it take my dryer 3 hours to dry a load of clothes ?
How does bank deposit insurance work in Singapore ?
Should I publish this ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
Why isn ' t my mini fridge staying cold ?
Is it possible for a U.S. citizen to rent a car in Brazil ?
What could cause my light and TV to turn off , then back on ?
Can I connect two load lines to a GFCI receptacle ?
How can I get rid of mosquitoes ?
How do I stop my dog from barking when I bring him outside ?
What is this stucco-like finish called ?
How can I improve my auto insurance score ?
How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator ?
How can I remove a coffee stain from carpet ?
What are the pros and cons of different types of windows ?
How can I repair a leaking shower ?
What is the significance of the appearance of the wolf ?
What is the difference between writing in the first and the third person ?
What should I know when applying for my first job ?
How much time does it take to write a professional book ?
How should I translate this ?
What is the most effective exterior insecticide ?
What are some good strength training routines for runners ?
What does this tablature notation mean ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
What accent ( for the English language ) is most widely and easily understood ?
What qualities should I look for in a good walking pole ?
Can I increase my credit limit by transferring money to my Credit Card account ?
How to get rid of cockroaches ?
Can I replace this receptacle that has four wires connected to it ?
What kind of bug is this ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
How should I control my garage heater ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How can I get my dog to stop being so sensitive to noise ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
What is the most effective exterior insecticide ?
Why does turning my kitchen light off turn on my outside light ?
Why did I end up with mushy corned beef ?
What is a life CV ?
In the Avengers movie , why did the Chitauri troops die almost instantly when the portal closed ?
How do I measure a standard sliding glass door ?
Should I agree to have more insulation added to my attic ?
How to teach a dog how to bark ?
What is the best way to start learning a new course ?
How do I remove this shower fixture ?
How do I discourage my cat from biting ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How can I tell the difference between play and aggression at the dog park ?
Is there a difference between green and spring onions ?
How do I wire two lights with a switch ?
How common was smoking in first half of the 20th century ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
How do I clean a pasta maker ?
What is this guitar ?
How do I repair terrazzo floors ?
What do I do if a university does not inform me of my masters application status ?
What is the difference between splicing and superimposition ?
How should I deal with bullying while looking for a new job ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How does the type of wood used to make an acoustic guitar affect its sound ?
Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted ?
How to get across on LinkedIn that I absolutely enjoy , and am committed to , my company ?
How do I bring up that I got a better job offer to my new current employer ?
Do I need a transit visa in Milan ?
How can I train my dog to stop eating everything ?
What are the major differences between yams and sweet potatoes ?
What are the different ways to hold drumsticks and what are the pros and cons of each ?
What is the best way to store energy ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
Is it possible to freeze wine for future use ?
When secretly looking for a new job , how not to accidentally apply to my own company ?
What are the benefits of getting a PhD in statistics ?
What should I look for in a running shoe ?
How can I remove paint from a wood deck so I can stain it ?
How do I prevent water from leaking down my chimney ?
Do I need a visa to transit through Germany ?
How do you deal with someone who makes you not want to talk to them ?
OK so what the hell happened at the end of Birdman ?
What is an " Approval Letter " , and how do I get one ?
What is the difference between a " riff " and a " melody " ?
Do I need to replace this water pressure valve ?
What is the safest way to remove tinsel / ribbon from a cat ?
How do I get a coworker to stop chit chatting ?
What are some stretching exercises for golf ?
How can I troubleshoot a ceiling fan light kit Issue ?
How can I assess the quality of a paper outside my field ?
What is this Chord Notation ?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale ?
Do Indian citizens need a transit visa for a 3 hour layover at Tokyo , Japan ?
What can I do to learn violin before going to a teacher ?
How should I remove a leech ?
Do I need a Direct Air Transit Visa or Visitor in Transit Visa for the UK ?
How do I prepare my home for the arrival of my premature baby ?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads ?
How can I politely tell a professor that I ' m too busy to do research with him this term ?
How do I reference a constitution ?
Is it risky to invite a senior member of the company to coffee , if I ' m an intern ?
Which way does air flow into a furnace ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How can I get the most out of my practice time ?
What ' s the best way to install a pet door in an exterior wall ?
do i have to file taxes in Canada if no income ?
How to know when a fixture needs to be re-caulked ?
Does it really make difference to play a song in a different key ?
What is causing my sauerkraut to smell sweet ?
Is it difficult for an Iranian citizen to get a visa to travel to Morocco as a tourist ?
What is the difference between a perpetuity and an annuity ?
How do I install a vanity that ' s higher than the mirror ?
Is it a good idea to put Summary in place of Objective in your resume ?
Do I need a transit visa at Heathrow ?
What is this sound from my washing machine ?
Why does my cat eat dog food ?
I am able to self-fund a PhD , how can I use this when applying ?
How can I make the best use of prime beef ?
OK we ' re all adults here , so really , how on earth should I use a squat toilet ?
How can I tell if my cat is pregnant ?
How do I prevent water from leaking into my basement ?
What does " OFF " mean in a script ?
What defines a language ?
What ' s the best way to present regression results in a conference ?
How do I replace a bulb in this bathroom light / fan ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
What is the origin of Indian weekday names ?
How do you say " not now " ?
What is wrong with my gas furnace ?
How to strengthen my forearms ?
Is my cat ' s aggressive behavior playful or mean , and how do I stop it ?
How can I make my homemade potato wedges crispy ?
How can I add a new light fixture off of a ceiling fan wired to two switches ?
How can I get rid of springtails ?
Is it possible to get a tentative flight itinerary to apply for Taiwan visa without paying ?
Do I need UK transit visa ?
Does a Nicaraguan citizen need a visa for the UK ?
How do I install a " Lite in the Box " ( brand ) faucet ?
How do you remove paint from hair ?
How to remove floor adhesive from concrete ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
What is the difference between a check and a paycheck ?
What is the best way to treat a jammed finger ?
What is the best way to start learning a new course ?
What can I use for a very small access panel ?
What is the best way to fix this garage floor ?
Do i need a Schengen transit Visa ?
How should I phrase an email and / or conversation that I need to back out of an interview ?
What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive ?
What should I wear to a Systems Analyst Interview ?
How do I remove paint from a porous table top ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
What is the best way to store oars ?
Is there a public list of negation and affirmation cues ?
How can I repair a towel rack that was ripped out of the wall ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
How to remove a tick on a dog ?
How do I approach my employer to apply for a patent for my algorithm ?
How can I remove a stuck screw that will still turn ?
Which reward / benefits card is the best value for money in Australia ?
How do I plan for my PhD now that I have graduated with a Masters degree without thesis ?
How to Deal With Unreasonable Expectations ?
Paper Title , Is it better to start with a verb ?
What is this technique called ?
How do explain to my boss that I need time off for interviews , and why I am leaving ?
How to deal with " unresponsive " colleagues ?
What is the best way to treat a jammed finger ?
Is it a bad writing practice to end a paragraph with question ?
What is the origin of Indian weekday names ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How often should I wax my bass ?
What are the differences between Peer Reviewed Journals and Refereed Journals ?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having multiple advisers ?
How does velveting work ?
How do you remove the pit from a mango ?
How can I improve the water pressure in my shower ?
How long should it take to write 100k words ?
What are the pros and cons of vinyl gutters ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
How to apply for a Schengen visa ?
How did the Greek ' tropos ' evolve into the Latin ' tropus ' ?
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ?
What kind of steak is this ?
How long will cold brew keep ?
What does the term " Boardroom poker " mean ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
Why didn ' t my beer cake cook properly ?
What kinds of documentation does a US citizen need to enter the UK on a tourist visa ?
Now that Microsoft Money is gone , what can I do ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How do I attach a receptacle box to brick instead of a stud ?
Why did Solomon ' s soul belong to the Devil ?
What more can I do to improve my credit score ?
Where the did the concept of " smear campaigns " originate ?
Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder ?
Meaning of the phrase : To drive the ball " on the up " ?
What is the best way to store energy ?
What is the difference between an electronic and a magnetic ballast ?
Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring ?
I want to make my own cheese . How do I get started ?
What foods can I eat to keep my energy up in an office job in the afternoon ?
Can I travel to UK as tourist even my UAE residence visa was cancelled ?
If lost in the wilderness , what is the first thing I should do ?
How do I fix a broken tile ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
Do I need a business credit card ?
What could be wrong with my air conditioner ?
What is the best way to remove hair from carpets ?
How do I stop my dog from pulling while on leash ?
What type of asbestos is this ?
How do I balance a ceiling fan ?
What are the pros and cons of doubling on two brass instruments ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What could be causing my baseboard heater to not heat up ?
How can I help a cat who seems afraid of his harness ?
How can I extend my Business Schengen visa ?
Can I make my own malt ?
How to deal with vague tasks ?
What does the " to " mean in the General Welfare Clause ?
How many keys are enough to learn to play piano ?
Do I need UK transit visa to going to Ireland ?
How do I prepare this exterior concrete wall for paint ?
Why is my cat growling / hissing at me when I try to play with him or take his toy ?
Must I specify where I will enter the Schengen area on the visa application ?
What kind of wordplay is this ?
What to do with leaky sink ?
What should I look for in a ladder ?
How do I find out how long a UK train should be , in advance online ?
How long should I cook apples in the oven ?
Why do admissions committees consider the Statement of Purpose to be important ?
How can I repair my floors ' finish ?
How do I deal with a joist in the way of where I need to run a pipe ?
How can I determine what is in my water ?
What is the significance of the cat ?
How do you write a character ' s internal monologue ?
How do I make my room stop smelling so bad ?
What can I do to stay fit in the car ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
Can I ask for a higher salary if I ' ve already said how much I want ?
How to present a review paper at a conference ?
How can author deal with late reviews ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
Do I need a transit visa for London , UK ?
How do I make my dog forget a command ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
How can I find the cheapest prepaid credit card ?
Can I use brown sugar in No Bake Cookies instead of Granulated Sugar ?
How do I prepare my home for the arrival of my premature baby ?
How to increase conversational skills ?
Why doesn ' t my Touch N Go garage door opener lift the door ?
Is it better to stain before or after assembly ?
What can I do to make driving in the rain at night easier ?
Transit Visa in the UK ?
How can I keep my cat from climbing on my desk ?
Should I patch this hole in my slab ?
How can I get the most out of my practice time ?
Is it possible to switch to a better university for PhD after completing a Masters in computer science ?
What is the best way to remove popcorn from the ceiling ?
How do you teach a child religious views ?
What are the pros and cons of feeding on demand ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
How do you ween a toddler off of breastfeeding ?
Is is possible to travel when applying for a new visa ?
What is the meaning of " $ N industry " ?
Do I need transit visa ?
How do I know what size guitar strings I need ?
How can I help my adult rabbit gain weight ?
How to motivate yourself when you are in a company of a negative person ?
How do I level a small yard ?
What does the ending of the movie " Coherence " mean ?
How can I explain to my child that I ' m not superman ?
Do I need to apply for a UK transit visa when I have a visitor visa ?
How can I tell if my cat is pregnant ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How can I stop my pie from burning ?
How can I get my cat to clean himself ?
How can I fix a very slow drain ?
What does " the anointed of the Lord " mean ?
What does a duplicated note in a chord mean ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
What does the notation " 2 / 3BII " mean ?
Should I pay off my student loan before putting money into Roth IRA ?
What is the significance of the missing elevator car ?
What is the optimal length of time for pulling a shot of espresso ?
How do I explain good sportsmanship to a 4 year old ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Do I need to write a bibliography ?
How do I properly paint a wood floor made of plywood ?
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Luanda ?
How to prepare for a race ?
What is the best temperature to store honey at ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How to deal with meddling coworkers ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
How much do letters of recommendation help in a statistics PhD program application ?
What is the best way to learn to play a piece on the guitar ?
How do you get a child to eat ?
Is it possible to freeze wine for future use ?
What ' s the difference between " writer " and " screenwriter " professions ?
How do I duplicate these chips ?
How much food should I be giving my dog to maintain his weight ?
How can I improve my vertical ?
How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator ?
Is it a good idea to follow up after an interview , and if so , how soon ?
What kind of lock is this , and how can I replace it ?
What should I look for in a cookie jar ?
What is the difference between a concentration and a track within the major ?
What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine ?
How do I select the right generator ?
How can I prepare this old exterior wall for painting ?
What could be causing my sink and dishwasher to back up ?
How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author ?
How can I remotely monitor a GFCI receptacle ?
Can I still travel to Schengen countries if I have an expired residence permit ?
How to travel from Lombok airport to Gili Trawangan in cheapest and fastest way ?
How to buy a bond ?
What can I do if I am constantly invited as a reviewer , but don ' t have the time ?
How do I stop my dog from barking when I bring him outside ?
How do I fix this leaking dishwasher drain pipe ?
Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR ( UK ) ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How can I edit my own , very old work ?
What is the best way to fix this garage floor ?
What is the shortest six in cricket ?
How can I find replacement parts for an unknown faucet ?
How can I add tile to my fireplace ?
What kind of floor is this ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
How can I get rid of fleas in my crawlspace forever ?
What is the best way to read a textbook ?
Do I need a Schengen visa if I have a UK tier 1 visa with Indian passport ?
How can I tell if my microphone is broken ?
How can I communicate I am leaving a company to someone I hired who hasn ' t started ?
How to prepare for a race ?
What should I look for in a running shoe ?
How to get from Courmayeur to Milano ?
What can I do to improve the chances of my being promoted ?
How do I cut down a bathroom wall drain ?
Is it a good idea to point to the person that referred you after you decline an offer ?
What can I do to stay fit in the car ?
How do I clean dripped paint from a wood floor ?
How can I remove paint from a deck ?
What ' s the difference between overtones and harmonics ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Where to take photo for Schengen Visa ?
How do you reduce a cream sauce ?
Can I get a Master ' s in Economics with a Bachelor ' s in Mathematics ?
How do I wire two lights with a switch ?
How to secure a wooden box ( tunnel ) in a wall ?
How do I repair crumbling wall plaster ?
What weight dumbbells should I buy ?
American citizen travelling to London from Ghana - do I need a UK visa ?
What can I do when my dog loves going out at night ?
What are the pros and cons of these 3 types of dumbbells ?
Should I tell my employer that I am running for a political office ?
Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa ?
What is wrong with my gas furnace ?
What is the best way to treat a jammed finger ?
What does " the anointed of the Lord " mean ?
How much of a raise to ask for ?
Do I need a transit visa ?
How do I prevent my cat from getting on the table ?
What is the best way to store carrots ?
How can I find the cheapest prepaid credit card ?
Does a head of lettuce really need to be refrigerated ?
Do I need to use a guitar capo for this song ?
What is the difference between a nation and a state ?
Should I write my biography in the first or third person ?
What is the origin of Jataka tales ?
What workout should I do if I want to prepare my condition ?
What ' s a good substitute for cilantro ?
How to select a good GPS receiver ?
Does an Irish citizen need a visa for a week ' s tourist visit to America ?
Does a US Citizen need a visa to enter as a tourist to the UK for 6 months ?
How should I make a budget ?
What is the difference between a riff and a lick ?
In what countries is it possible to enter a life science PhD program directly after a Bachelor ' s ?
How to address the person being recommended in a recommendation letter ?
How can I learn to do Rabbit Showmanship ?
What is the best way to fix this garage floor ?
What does it mean by " Hitting the wall " in marathon run ?
How can I remove a portion of a hardwood floor board ?
How do I repair spots of damaged hardwood floor finish ?
What happened at the end of Prometheus Movie ?
What is the difference between splicing and superimposition ?
How can I finish a hole in the wall ?
What is the origin of the black / devil riders ?
How can I make yogurt at home ?
Do I need a transit visa despite having a Schengen visa ?
Can I make my own malt ?
How to open a beverage can that has a broken tab ?
What is the difference between a perpetuity and an annuity ?
How can I stop this downspout leak ?
Do I need to write a bibliography ?
Is it OK to use " I guess " in fiction ?
Can I roast nuts in a convection microwave oven ?
How can I get an idea of the work hours when applying for a job ?
How do I troubleshoot an electric furnace ?
Do I need a general or business visitor visa to take the IELTS in the UK ?
Do I need UK visa to enter London from Cork , Ireland ?
How can I tell if a journal is reputable ?
I have a Layover in Japan , Going to stayfor a month , Do I need a Transit Visa ?
How can I get my dog to slow down when eating ?
What visa do I need to apply for going to Spain ?
Should I tell my boss I have a full time job offer ?
How do I help my dog adjust after moving ?
Is « plausible » a false friend between English and Spanish ?
What ' s the travel insurance definition of a war zone ?
How long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer ?
How do I paint art onto a wall ?
How can I patch a large hole in a metal bathtub ?
How can I stop my cat from jumping on top of my car ?
How should I store speck ?
What to look for when purchasing a blender ?
How do I remove the cover from my light fixture ?
How do I wire this ceiling fan ?
Transit Visa in the UK ?
Is it advisable in my case to take a second bachelor ' s degree ?
How should I install a thermostat for a baseboard heater ?
Is it possible to breed crickets ?
Does an Indian with UK residence require a visa to visit the Netherlands ?
Is it appropriate to send a gift to a professor for an online course ?
What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto ?
How do I wire this ceiling fan ?
How do I bathe my cat ?
How can I make a chocolate syrup that can be frozen ?
How can I boost the water pressure in my shower ?
How can I get my child to stop biting others ?
Do I need a visa for layover at Germany airport ?
Does a Nicaraguan citizen need a visa for the UK ?
Why does my washing machine leak only during the spin cycle ?
What is the best way to start learning a new course ?
UK visa decision advice ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
What is the significance of the artwork ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
Do I need an airport transit visa for Germany if I have a Schengen visa ?
What happened to Jack Swift at the end of Brokeback Mountain ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
What does it mean by " Follow-up Masters " ?
How to prepare for a race ?
How do I make mayonnaise split ?
Do I require a transit visa ?
What ' s the best way to seal around this faucet ?
What does the term " match the market " mean ?
How should I install a new water heater ?
What kind of plug adapter do I need ?
How can I get rid of fleas ?
How do I keep my pool water clean without nasty chemicals ?
Do I need to pay tax on the amount of savings I have in the bank ?
How can I get rid of my I-94 ?
What are the pros and cons of different types of smart switches on the UK market ?
What are the pros and cons of LED lighting for home use ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
Do I need a transit visa for London , UK ?
What is the best way to store oars ?
What does the conversation mean ?
How can I safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust ?
How can I keep my dog from crying when he ' s kenneled in the car ?
Is it possible to steam steak ?
How do you teach a child to call for help ?
How do I stop my cat from biting cords ?
Can I travel to Paris for a day with a single entry visa for Schengen from Switzerland ?
How to tell my company that I am having issues with my boss ?
Do I need a transit Visa when changing terminals in LHR ( UK ) ?
How to peel peaches ?
Put onto a project I don ' t want to do . How can I tell my boss ?
How do I measure a standard sliding glass door ?
What does " university ranking " mean for a graduate admissions committee ?
Is it really possible to create a mind palace ?
What is the best way to seal this old fireplace vent ?
How do I clean a Hammerite paint brush ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa for future date ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
What does " respectively " mean in the Tenth Amendment ?
How can I replace a light fixture with a two way switch ?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat ?
How do I remove paint from a wood floor ?
How should I mount a sliding closet door track ?
How can one test if a vegetable is organic ?
What is the effect of alcohol on the body ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Is it ok to apply for more than one Phd student program ?
Do I need to get a DATV to transit through the UK on a F1 visa ?
How much would be a fair raise or salary increase to ask for at work ?
How much is too much worry / anxiety in a child ?
Do I need to get a transit visa for the stop over at a Canadian airport ?
How to replace recessed halogen light from an eyeball fixture ?
How can I avoid telling my boss about the new company that I ' ll be working for during resignation ?
Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring ?
What is the best way to introduce myself in a letter to a prospective graduate adviser ?
Why was there no narration in The Hunger Games ?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey ?
What is the difference between a college and a university ?
What is the difference between a macaron and an amaretti biscuit ?
Is there a substitute for dashi ?
What can I do when the upholstry on my computer chair is coming off ?
How to make cookies less crumbly ?
I was offered the minimum salary I requested , should I ask for more ?
How should I apply for a Schengen visa from the UK ?
How can I get my dog to eat vitamins when she doesn ' t want to ?
How do I go about asking my boss for an extended leave to travel abroad ?
How can I find out my credit-score ?
How can I determine what is in my water ?
How do I wire a combo with two supplies ?
What is the difference between a creditor and a lender ?
How do I know if I ' m flossing correctly ?
How can I stop my dog from peeing on our neighbor ' s door ?
How do I decide how much to charge my boss for a painting ?
How to fit a new door in a narrower frame ?
What to do when a journal publishes a paper plagiarizing one ' s work but doesn ' t care about it ?
What is the first thing to do , when buried in an avalanche ?
What could be causing my new GFCI receptacle to keep tripping ?
How to get rid of this shed ?
How can I determine what size pressure pump and tank do I need ?
I added insulation to my attic rafters , but should I have left room for airflow ?
Do I need visa for UK visit if I have a work permit for Ireland ?
How can I get myself writing again ?
How to get rid of weevils ?
Is it appropriate as a referee to contact an author after the editor rejected the manuscript ?
How can I install a new bathroom GFCI receptacle ?
How I prevent my computer from collecting dust ?
Is there an alternative to the common genre-system for classifying books ?
What kind of board is this , and where can I get some ?
What are the pros and cons of eating 1-3 grapefruits every day ?
Do I need seperate visas for travelling via Munich to Geneva , if I already have a Schengen visa ?
Should I publish in a journal that appears on Beall ’ s list ?
Do I need a transit visa for layover in Italy ?
How to get rid of this shed ?
What went wrong with my brownies ?
What is the origin of Rap ?
What does overhead rate mean ?
How can I repair this broken bathroom tap ?
How can I upgrade a 3 wire appliance receptacle to a 4 wire receptacle ?
How do I take out time for my research while working a full time job ?
How should I cite StackOverflow questions in my term paper ?
How should I translate this ?
What kinds of documentation does a US citizen need to enter the UK on a tourist visa ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
How can I ask for a raise at my internship-turned-full time job ?
Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder ?
What is a good guitar solo to learn in the minor scale ?
What types of developmental milestones should we be concerned about ?
What is the shortest timespan depicted in a movie ?
How do I finish a ridge cap ?
What should I look for in a cooking class ?
How do you get a child to eat ?
Is it ethical to look for a new job at a conference my current employer is paying for ?
How can I get my 4 year old to clean up toys without a battle ?
How do I install a new , non load bearing wall in my basement ?
How can I train my dog to be calm when greeting friends ?
From London to Luton Airport by National Express - how long does it take ?
How can I remove paint from slotted screw heads ?
How can I level the joists and ceiling ?
How long should a feeding be attempted ?
What is the difference between AUG and CCG ?
Do I need a UK transit visa when flying from Lebanon to Ireland ?
How long can I keep espresso in the fridge ?
Should I prefer long or short sentences in scientific writing ?
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country ?
How to best store cocoa powder ?
Does a Ukrainian citizen with UK visa and Estonian residence need a tourist visa to Spain ?
How can I repair my concrete porch ?
Why doesn ' t my cat like being held ?
What is the difference between a filler word and a discourse marker ?
What do I need to use a headboard ?
What is the white film on my wet carrots ?
What are electrolytes and why are they important ?
How to compose a great recommendation letter ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
Can I roast nuts in a convection microwave oven ?
What type of switch is this ?
How can I build a mantel around my fireplace ?
How do I stop my dog from barking at people through the fence ?
How do I level a pipe with the ground ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
Flying USA to UK via Canada with Spanish passport . Do I need to apply for a visa ?
How to make a strong mug of instant Coffee ?
How do you play really short notes on the acoustic guitar ?
How can I calculate the number of deductions I should use ?
How to prepare for a race ?
How do you help a child with nightmares ?
How much cinnamon is too much ?
How do I level a pipe with the ground ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
What is the best way to fix this garage floor ?
How to optimize effort ?
How can I apply for an Irish tourist visa ?
What is the difference between " retired out " and " retired not out " in cricket ?
How do I punctuate a statement that a character is ordered to say in a future scenario ?
How can I combat my tendancy of always wanting to do what I ' m not able to ?
How do I make my own chocolate chips ?
What this instrument is used for ?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of various methods of supporting the classical guitar ?
How can I control two ceiling fans and lights with one single pole switch ?
Recruiter doesn ' t respond to my e-mail for a week . What should I do ?
What is the best way to clean a dryer vent ?
What type of screws should I use ?
Should I tell to my boss that I don ' t like to work with the new colleague ?
How can I repair some broken patio stones ?
What is the reciprocity fee for US citizens entering Argentina ?
How do I make this paint match ?
How can I get my cat to clean himself ?
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country ?
What is the best way to introduce cats to newborns ?
do i need a Transit visa in London ?
Is it possible to get a Schengen visa without travel insurance and a copy of the itinerary ?
Do I need a transit visa flying from Germany to India though transit at London ?
Vitamins : How much is too much ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How can I repair drywall after removing tile ?
How does velveting work ?
What should a tenured professor do to move to a more research oriented school ?
What is the significance of the billboard ?
How do I build an on grade foundation for a shed ?
What do I do with the ground wire ?
What is a bloquers ?
How do I leave a job if I haven ' t done much yet ?
What kind of walkers are available and what are the pros and cons of each ?
How do I patch a gap between my bathtub and wall ?
What is the best way to store ground coffee ?
What are the guidelines for declaring for the NFL Draft ?
What does " basis points " mean in this context ?
Should I be worried about my baby ' s eyesight ?
What ' s this rhythm called ?
What ' s the best way to season a cast iron skillet ?
What is a short CV ?
How do I repair a flaking finish on my wood windows ?
How long can fish be left out ?
How do I play the synthesizer on my own ?
How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator ?
Can I wire a Bathroom Fan to two Switches in Parallel ?
What is the origin of Jataka tales ?
Can I use Romex in an unfinished basement or attic ?
What is the difference between a school and a department ?
How can I help my dog ' s furuncles ?
What is the best way to read a textbook ?
How can I independently control a light and fan , where only a single hot wire is used ?
Do using trackballs put more stress on the hand , wrist and arm than a traditional mouse ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
What does this notation mean ?
How do I use tamarind powder ?
How do I get rid of fleas on my rabbit ?
Do I need a transit visa in Frankfurt , Germany on the way to India ?
Where can I find LED indoor floodlights ?
How can I get my 2.5 year old to sleep on his own ?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude ?
How can I determine why my lights are flickering ?
What is the difference between chicken cubes and ground chicken ?
What is the best way to filter the Turkish coffee ?
What is the best way to get rid of steam on a mirror ?
What is the significance of the Olympic logo ?
Will I Need a Transit visa or ESTA for the US as a Canadian ?
Can I stay in Europe for more than 90 days with a UK working visa ?
How can I locate and deal with mold between floors ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
How can I secure a plastic toolbox to the wall ?
How do I know if it is safe to remove a wall ?
How does velveting work ?
How to develop musicianship skills ?
What are the features that I should look for in a good preschool ?
Do I need an EU visa if I ' m married to a UK citizen ?
Is it possible to get a UK visa gift card while in the US ?
How long does cooked garlic keep in fridge ?
What is the significance of the statue given to Hank ?
What to look for in a new / replacement toilet ?
What is the origin of Jataka tales ?
How can I get my dog to accept a harness without treats ?
How can I add a GFCI breaker on two circuits with a shared neutral without rewiring ?
Do I need transit visa to visit Zurich if I have a valid F-1 visa ?
What kind of timer socket is this and how can I get it working ?
Which is best way to apply to a company ?
What went wrong with my brownies ?
Where can a tourist apply for a UK Visitor ( standard ) Visa ?
On what should i pay attention when buying a guitar ?
Where will I clear customs traveling from US to Greece and back via Toronto ?
What is the significance of the Origami Bum ?
I have an unfinished translation of a speciality book . Should I write this down on my CV / SOP ?
How to learn to cook ?
How long can I keep espresso in the fridge ?
Do I need a transit visa for a layover in Turkey ?
What is a mezrag-holder ?
How can I move a drain line ?
What is the sound law to describe the etymology of “ helix ” and “ vulva ” ?
How should I groom my dog ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
How can I repair a leaking shower ?
Is it possible to write a song without a key ?
Do I need a Canada transit visa as an Indian citizen ?
How can I remove a key that is stuck in a lock ?
what is the difference between Erebor and Moria ?
Will I need a transit visa for US as a Canadian Student Visa holder ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
How do I make my bread / buns super soft ?
What is the best way to store energy ?
What are some good distractions for an infant ?
How can I help my child to stay still ?
How can I get myself to read books ?
What could be wrong with this receptacle ?
What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer ?
Why was the removal of the shrapnel just " thrown-in " at the end ?
What is a good solo to learn in the major scale ?
How can I convince my boss I am the right person to lead a future team ?
How can I repair a hole in my subfloor ?
How long does fresh parsley keep in the fridge ?
Why does my ceiling fan turn off when I turn on the lights ?
How long should I wait for plaster to dry / cure between coats ?
How do I install a ceiling light where one never existed ?
Where can I find the percentile retirement savings for my age group ?
What kind of glass is this ?
How can I remove a really stuck screw ?
What is the difference between a check and a paycheck ?
Is it worth it for me to get a masters in CS ?
What went wrong with my brownies ?
Do I need a visa to transit India ?
How can I increase the numeracy of a toddler ?
How do I level a small yard ?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised ?
Should I start looking for a new job ? If so , how soon ?
How do I determine if a wall is load bearing ?
What are some inexpensive options for replacing a single-stall garage door ?
What is the best way to store carrots ?
Transit Visa in the UK ?
What is the difference between a tortoise and a turtle ?
Layover at Narita for 3 hours . Do i need a transit visa ?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits ?
Do I need a transit visa in Switzerland ?
How to snake a bathtub with no overflow drain ?
How long can I keep espresso in the fridge ?
Why does salted codfish turn chewy ?
How to remove milk smell from hardwood floor ?
Will paying off a credit card early affect my credit score ?
How can I get thinner pancakes ?
What is the difference between balls in Test and ODI Cricket ?
What is the best way to clean a grater ?
What ' s the best way to store asparagus ?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit ?
How do I make my bread / buns super soft ?
What is the difference between " Mongolian Grill " and " Hibachi " ?
What Does a Compressor Pedal Do ?
How long can I keep bread dough in the refrigerator ?
What kind of lock is this , and how can I replace it ?
What is the difference between " Solo " and " Improvisation " ?
Is it a good idea to tell my colleagues that I sometimes have depressive spells ?
What is required of an Australian citizen to get a visa for Ukraine ?
What ' s the difference between TaxAct and TurboTax ?
How can I find out my credit-score ?
Bad ceiling fan wiring ?
What is the best way to store my tent ?
How do you peel chickpeas ?
How should a PhD student approach a collaboration ?
How to better prepare myself for the application to masters degree programs in the U.S. ?
What could cause a battery hedge trimmer to have white smoke come out of it ?
Do I need a DATV to travel via London from USA to India on F1 visa ?
How can I patch a hole in this brick wall ?
How long does it take for milk to spoil unrefrigerated ?
Is it possible to check-in a double stroller on a flight ?
Can a Brazilian citizen enter the country with a visa on a foreign passport ?
How can I improve my writing fluency in English ?
How does leverage work ?
What is the best way to store my tent ?
How do you know how much effort to do and for how long ?
Can anyone identify this warship ?
How do I ( or should I ) tell my manager that I am not enjoying my job ?
What is the best way to store fresh berries ?
How to encourage toddler to not throw food ?
How do I replace a ceiling fan controlled by 2 wall switches with a standard wall plug outlet ?
Do I need to provide a transit visa in Moscow ?
Is there a difference between seasoning and flavouring ?
How do I remove the cover from my light fixture ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
How to make more than one good cup of coffee with a moka pot ?
How do I install a new interior partition wall ?
How do I improve my singing ?
What ' s the best way to learn what each seasoning is ?
What could be causing my GFCI outlet to trip ?
What should I do with a dog who is afraid of everyone except me ?
How did the Latin stem ' -duce ' evolve to mean ' from an effect ' ?
How long will a balsamic reduction keep ?
Do I need a transit visa for Germany on the way to Canada ?
How do explain to my boss that I need time off for interviews , and why I am leaving ?
What is the best way to toast pecans ?
What could be causing water to back up into my bathroom basin ?
Is there a difference between a manual and an automatic grinder ?
How do I make this paint match ?
Why isn ' t my refrigerator getting cold ?
What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto ?
How can I get from La Paz , Bolivia to Puno , Peru ?
What do I have to do in preparation for applying for a PhD ?
How can I remove oil stains from a concrete floor ?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando ?
How can I repair my two sloping concrete slabs ?
What kind of ambiguity is this called ?
How do I teach my toddler not to abuse animals ?
What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive ?
How can I stop water from coming up through the floor ?
What is the difference between a copula and a transitive verb ?
What is wrong with my gas furnace ?
What is the difference between sortition and demarchy ?
Do I need a header for an egress window ?
How can I test if a dehydrator is getting to the proper temperature ?
Do I really need a redundant sump pump ?
Is it ethical / legal to use the University ' s resources for a personal project ?
